get online! We need one more person
Damn happy new year
who cares lol!
not even I'm still master nigga
zombies later?
lmao
hahaha very funny n-_____-
Church then Fifa? Lol
ud83dude1"
I do everything right n be the best person I can be but yet I'm still fucking alone...
if you really wanna get your ass kicked I have no problem with arranging that ud83dude09ud83dude18 Lol
lol true but it's Wednesday day.. It's gonna crack on Saturday!
I'm down! I'm bored Lol
oh that's different but owell Lol how did u like watching that door?
I really hope so! Cuz this really sucks at times
I'm not lol
not when you talking smack about her Lol
Haha i was bouta fall asleep to ...jk who am i kidding im staying up till 3 cause my brain wont let me sleep
Im sleepy
I'm sleepy :/
better digg two
Alcohol makes life more interesting.
okay io te mandoo whoree !
Zumba.
Ugh it really needs to be baseball season so i can obsess over baseball players..u201d
Me: i wonder why i barely have friends.... Person: hey! me: shut the fuck up i don't even like you.
I wonder if dressing up and putting on my high heels for my homework will actually motivate me to do homework..?
Raulito ya le avise alos camaradas ke pongan el show para ke escuchen el saludo.. Arrivaaa lagunillas san luis potosi..
Hola
He'll Yeah Jk But Where She Going??ud83dude2c
Wow..
Playing with Alex!
i want june to here already :D
tf? You talking about of course you'll be fine. Or I'm i gonna have to put a cap in someone ass. Cause i will.
I always have weird dreams.
I cant see anything without my glasses.
Touch down bitches.
I wanna scream &amp; shout &amp; let it all out.
I hate that shit.
Lmaoo.omg -_-
seu00f1or llego mau00f1ana espero que me tengas un plan para esta semana
De seguro esa persona nunca ha estado enamorada
you love me though ..
but I know everything
I want to fuck rose omg ..
gn nathaly
its this magical thing called a charger.
nah you can dm me.
I just noticed that kelly's name is in my display name.
umm no your like 1"
reply to my text though.
you get around homie lol
it's too cold to go out anyways
lol I have about seven thousand haha
Shit just got real!
lol how boring!
You don't chase money. Money is to be attracted by the person you are.
take five hour energy! Lol jk they're bad for you too
you're paying ? lol jk
wackkkkk
haha that's not what I meant lol easy as in not complicated! and what movie would you want to watch ? Lol
Work work work....
wth?? Lmao
its a lot ?
good choice lol
you sure do lol
good luck lol :)
clean invite!
it's freezing!
Chumash money haha
0.04
double definition .-.
but the owner does
has Almagro had match point yet against Ferrer? He's been soo close!
awh boo I'm here with isabella
you'll be all into Blue by then! I can't wait to tell him you're my boy blue ud83dude
lmaoud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02 wtf? Haha
lol yeah!
My dad gets all happy over the stealth bomber lol
My grandma made aguachileud83dudc4cud83dudc9a
I want coffee beanud83dude0b
Jk that was mean
This game is crazy good! Lets go Clippers!! #clippernation
all shy ;)
lol aw(:  come make me breakfast!!! :D
:)
-.-
yes:p
jennys
Well Its Over Now. What Can I Do.
You make me smile...ugh LOL
what about it?
looking great today good job
Dumass gf....how annoying..foh! Poor Ludwin  #Washingtonheights
What if I wanted to break?nLaugh it all off in your face?nWhat would you do?
rush hour never fails to make Me laugh
getting food #happyaf
I just want a world where men and women are equal. is that too much to ask for?
OMG LOL NO ONE CARES!
because:"
I want this now lol
of course! xD
i prefer scratching then sneezing God knoes i hate it lmaoo only cause if my nose ring
Call me insane  i prefer
Nigguhs with a low top deep bass ud83dudc4c
htc ;p
when do you head home?
Wanna Grill ! ud83dudc4cud83dude0dud83cudf
thank you u263a
what? ud83dude
I'll be there tomorrow u263a u2764 aha how was it today?
aha ill be ready ud83dude
#allbad !! better get that up asap! aha
noo I don't want a snapchat of your boyfriend xDD
hey there
si papa -.-
me mintieron cono -.-
hahahahahahahaha that was funny tho ud83dude2dud83dude02ud83dude02dike yeah hoe
With Yaz &amp; Wendy &lt;"
ud83dude12ud83dude12ud83dude1"
aleeeeeeeeeeeeex ^_^
When does  #PARADISESERIES COME ON DURING DA WEEK!? ;P ANYONE KNW? :D 143:)&lt;"
Como te recuerdo n#lostemerarios nSwear trippin ' LOL oh well ^_^
goodmorning Corazon :]
how Andrew text me saying throw some clothes &amp; make up on we aboutha go function ; ud83dude02ud83dude0fud83dudc4cud83cudf7b
Nvm that will take too long  #RashadTweet
what's upp kingsville
LOLOL
Why don't they have #monsterquest on  anymore?!
30 du00edas mu00e1s ...... ud83cudf8"
ay man just saying lmao
Let me hurry and get their. So I can stop looking
your twitter
Smoking a stoge before sleep. Goodnight.!
Just noticed I'm instigating the fuck outta this. Gotta stop.
I'm done. Let them handle it tomorrow. Money is on that they both get knocked tf out
I HATE ONE WORD TEXT!
-__-
Goodnight
I want something then I see something better and want that.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Nice little turf burn.
Effff everything
what you doing chode
nahhhhhh
I never got anything :/
Twitters dead. Smh
I hate being sick.
Keep on knocking but you can't come in.
i got you
your welcome :)
I'm sorry for trying
cheech and chong up in smoke
lmfao
Mexico with  gonna TU
I shouldn't be up this early. Not when I don't work.
nahhh in losing weight sweetie :(
#TeamBroke my ass #teamTU
Is that acne orrrrr?
idk just saying lmao
My phone messed up
lucky
lmfao workout
well gremlin sounds funny and the tan struggle lol. Benefit of being Hispanic :)
Assumptions
you hear?? Lmao
codeine bro!
Knowing justin bieber smoked weed ...hes definetly going down hill like miley cyrus...poor lil kids
This rain fucks things up
yea yea okai
Chill out i aint that much of a bumm
Yea i get out at 1 sum i got fillers 7&amp;8 but anytime you available its fine.
Said that i quit drinking but im back at it.
What happen to yo funiture cuzzz!!!
ill hit you up as soon as possible
sing me tha whole song already damm lmao
hell yea boii i aint the only one who jamms SPM
High school was tha shit. But all i hear is that college is better lets see and find out then
I really like the punch it delivers
Shit the market's in illegal guns!
GOD DAMN I'm cold!
Never been do damn indecisive
Omg omg omg omg! It's HELLA cold!
haha I know but mainly I want to move there to get high lol.
Pic*
Or a badass sti!
invite me fag.
How can I fix my sleeping schedule.k
HAPPY NEW YEAR
I can't watch movies with my little brother all they do is talk ud83dude1"
Before I die I would love to say to all the people who doubted me and say fuck you and have a nice life without lmao jk jk jk
All I do is laugh honestly
I was just listening to that song actually
She gorgeous u27
omg yes
Good Morning People #smile :)
I'm so G I'm almost H!
no it's not! ): is it?
let us get Fucked Up haha
I'm right here!!! ud83dude0eud83dude02ud83dude0b
I think it's going to be early in the morning.
I want whataburger!
YAY IM 18. ud83cudf8aud83cudf89ud83cudf88ud83dude01ud83dude2dud83dude2cud83dude31ud83dude38ud83dude0b
haha thank you! I KNOW! Wooooop! ud83dude0eud83dude0bud83dude02ud83dude38ud83cudf89ud83cudf8aud83cudf8"
I ain't no piece of toast. ud83dude2c
haha you tell me! I'm new top this!
well I think some kids selling those movies at the narvaez. haha
bazzzinngggggaaaaa! lol ud83dude2c
I never tweet anything.
Fuck it!...that's how I making decisions!
keep #hope and #faith
I need to get myself another job!
I constantly work on being a better person!
U r my only weakness...not proud of it...just saying
I need me a YOLO moment!
Ahhh I have an essay to write...(x
I owe u absolutely nothing!
PANDA!&lt;"
shot happens
I know what I want in life....I just wish the people around me did too! :/
What is fucken up with that!!!
Not sleepy at at!...not giving a mad fuck!
Only I would take a taxi to get to school on time! #likeaboss
Cheech &amp; Chong ;;;
Watching #oomf tweet while ii tweet about watching #oomf tweet :D LMFAO
Aww I hadn't received a compliment in forever #happy
I have the basic channels I don't watch that :c lmao I really doubt that tho &lt;"
I think that's why my pictures didn't get likes lmao
Am tired of living in apts or condos #theStruggle
I wish a lived in a nice liddo house with my own room with a balcony for stoggie breaks alone to relax from my bullshit ass reality
Everything about me is disgusting I fucking hate myself
wtf do I have to do anything with him?lmao stupid
I never really knew people took twitter so serious till today #YouAjoke
Playing 21 :}
lmao that's down xD &lt;333 the stupid shit I did made u dream that
Last night made me wonder why I ever stopped rolling wtf they still exist?:(
That dream I had while I napped earlier &lt;&lt;&lt;
Aww my therapist looked like ellen :D &lt;333 so cutee
He's one of those guys you ever regret giving your number too.
I couldn't even go to the gym today :c
I love falling asleep like that &lt;"
The last 2 novelas lately ;;;
oh fuck that (/.) why me?why when am the only 1 awake?
Stupid dark cunt
I don't get why some girls are so stubborn into cutting their hair when its long.. like your hair is damaged asf. #notCute
I hate the fact you tweet girls or even comment on their pictures &amp; they can't even say a thank you #rudeBitches.. you ugly now.
me tooooo. &lt;"
oh welllll gonna put music on fullll blast in a bit ;
He wanted to prove to me that he sings good &amp; walked me to class cause he felt bad he got me late to class lol
yeah true lol
How everyone tells me to move on i desserve better ? i dont want too ..
Okay Goodnight &amp; Sweetdreams beautiful peeps &lt;"
Will you eat breakfast with me for dinner?:)
haahaaa whatevaaaaa :p
whyyyyyyy!!!!;( lol can't wait til you come back babe! Drive safe!!!:)
Nice!! Idk yet...its my first vegas trip so yeah not sure which one to go to first lol #noviceproblems
the suspense! Lol
haahaa totally!
Good morning errrbody u2600ud83dude0eu270c
haven't you heard? I'M the crazy bitch around here ud83dudc8bu270cud83dudc
0.0257142857143
Gonna visit  qt work (:
I honestly would hate to work here.
Maybe its because I know sadly id get tired of the food. Lol
you forgot about all the stupid things we did in AVID ud83dude1c
All the sleep in the world wouldn't be enough for my tired soul
Getting loca without anyssa and natalie is always weird cause there's no one to remind me how funny I am the next day.
Anyssa just made me check her trunk for killers
Ordering three drinks with my breakfast cause YOLO
I'm mostly just excited for cupcakes and all my friends faces tonight
Girl I know you want that D
I beg your pardon I never promised you a rose garden
winter just isn't my season!
I'm serious! ud83dude
okay so your sticking with the plan right? nobody but an Italian! ud83dude0dud83dude0dud83dude0d
uhh Idk?:/ I don't think soooo
If you are reading this tweet please read my last tweet
lol got it
Subway for lunch
Vegas
I thought you said today
Watching TMNT with my bros
Cowboys
Proper education pink floyd
Hate saying goodbye
This class is boring :/
Can I please have you back
Alex wants to be a quinceau00f1era ud83dudc
I laugh about everything ud83dude
Vale wants me ud83dudc
I feel like texting people with cute shit nao.
I don't text #oomf anymore cus I don't want to bug him
I should act sick so I don't have to go to school monday
I don't even know who the fuck is going
someone text me or dm me
Talking to your old friends make you realize how much things have changed
I want to tell you how much I miss everything but I know that the things I say won't mean anything to you
I don't want to go to school tomorrow
ugh I knw this fucking niggas I swear I hate them all
YES!
HAHA
because I is mad at u!
Haha that's too bad
Chillin at the Stockyards
BANDA MAKES HER DANCE
yeah I do
OH DAMN!
Imagine being king someday&lt;"
I dont need makeup to be beautiful im beautiful without makeup!.
Ugh...sick again. ._. this isnt fun!.
Once you grow up you can never come back.-never land
One day your going to realize im not going to be there when you fall goodluck getting back up baby!(:
chicken noodle soup yumm! :D
Hes not your prince charming hes mine so back off!.
I love you.&lt;"
They say love is forever your forever is all that I need&lt;"
If someone tells you foreverandalways dont belive them....it doesnt last forever.
Hey hey
Feel like going on a little cruise on my board
yess and u tease me with both! :'( lol
no i didnt ;)
Can we just fast fwd to the summer already?
lol gangsta talk or wat?
well wen and wat are u going for? Ive kinda been wanting to go
hold on let me just check my pocket change...
well arent you lucky u got choices and they are good ones
no im serious my body is really hot im snuggled in my bed i feel like shit and i keep coughing
aww ur da best! &lt;3 but ahh i really dnt feel good mando im like sweating right now and my eyes are watery. I hate this :'(
Even my mom bumps
My brother Tony's tattoos ;;;;
now !?
I forgot I have to do laundry first .-.
lol I'm jk but I try sometimes. Ahhh ^.^
Is it my turn to die yet?
knowing they go to the same school ._. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Azusa Pacific University letter ! They want the dick ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02 APU soccer u26bd maybe ud83dude
&lt;"
I let you sink into my veins u26
Maybe I still care about you.
Having so much to say.
Learn how to face my fears.
u26
good luck
yes! We can lol ud83dude0a
yeaaaaaa ud83dude
ud83dude0aud83dudc4d
It's amazing ! (:
Awww :DD
Why do you always come up in my dreams...
yeah right!
seriously they have helped me a lot just their positiveness helps me through hard times!
I set fires to feel joy!!
why?
We were meant to be courageous!!
really?
I like the Ep better!!
Seriously I need some help managing me weight!! Eating right and exercising I really need someone to at least to show me what I can do!!
idk I wanted today but my backyard is small and I don't have a grill lol
yeah but he is still one of my fav
yes sorry!
I really hope I get to see  someday!!!
are you really going to see him?
I really want to see him!!
I just weight myself and I'm so excited I lost 13pounds in 5 days I hope that I can keep this going until my goal
lol yeah right!!
not this weekend but next!
what is it?
it's a surprised face!! Lol
aww!!
Ig
LMFAO  don't calm me Down I don't like it when you calm me down ! LMFAO #WashingtonHeights
If every kiss begins with k then I'm just going to assume that when you text me k you secretly want to make out.
I love it when you talk to me first.
We live in a world full of people pretending to be something they're not.
I'm So Over You And Your Bullshit! t-___-
I Want Coffee.__.
Everyone Does  xP
your sooooo cool #jk
Ms. Candace Gunna Be All Sad I'm Gone Lmfao
My First Day At Garfield Today  :|
that's a shocker coming from her lol you know?  dx
Torres sucks
yeah.__.
I Noticed There Is Always A Park Near A School.__.
Why Is It So Damn Cold ;.&lt;!
Good morning c:
Watching Top 20 Countdown On Vh"
Lol.__.  My Twitcon c: Me And Nicky&lt;"
Is ugh an emotion? Because I feel it all the time.
. . . . . &amp; lol._.  Retweet If You Get It Lmao
Wishing you had a love like the ones in movie&lt;"
One day... I'll be someone's everything.
I was singing a song... You joined in... I don't wanna sing it anymore.
I Want Candy :3 &lt;"
(:
Never chase anyone. A person who appreciates you will walk with you.
Good Morning (:
FiRST i DRANK CiROC WAS WiTH
I lost a lighter again! FUCK
how many times did it fall?
It's cool. I still love you thoud83dude1"
I love cheesy little jokes. I think they are Hilarious.
My room is a mess.
Why are you going to the garage? Like you don't already know.
I miss the simple days. Take me back to when I was innocent. #yoloq
Why am so awake?
A normal life is boring.
Tryna ball up and  and  were hiding me back. #witness I still was doing work doe.
I send a LOT of snapchats throughout the day.
I shine bright the like the sun.
Hot fuzz
shoots thru and we can watch some Netflixud83dude0eud83dude
I hate playing  morning games. Good luck to the   . ud83dude0eud83dudc4cud83cudfc"
What's up with the shot clock ??
Oh my. Some banning hooch tried to say wassup to me. u270b
Game over. Thank you Blake.
#ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored throw stuff at people. Yes I still do it.
Lol this kid is getting punked in front of me.
u201c i think ill someday sell the tampon i had on that video to someone for a lot. or a fans for free. since it got me FAMOUS.u201dME
Arrowhead water is the devils water.
#WaysToGetSlapped asking me if I'm related to Michael phelps
how vicious was my dunk ?
what's everyone doing?
I don't brag about being good at shit. I let my skills speak for themselves.
I'm not going. Y'all are mean
I just commented on this picture on Instagram. Too funny. #ho
Shout out to  for them Oreos tho ud83dude17ud83dude
thanks hope you liked it as much as we did ;)
Goodnightt:/
Eating a hot&amp;spicy with cheese ud83cudf54u2764ud83dudc4c
My cousins boo better go bring us some jack or some ha
What you don't know won't kill you ud83dude02ud83dude0f
I need a AJ Lee in my life  &lt;"
Feeling good
Man down
Yup
I wanna hear a good joke right now k go!
I'm full lol no lie
Eating at mcds
thanks boo boo love and miss u
Sick got a cold wenos noches
dude from hunger games had too much eyeshadow.
Toy and my lunch
Good morning people beautiful
lol kuz Raquel doesn't take shit From any motherfucker.
I'm sick
must make plans before 3pm don't have the phone after that
nothing just shill. you?
When your scared to sleep you kinda just wait till your body does it for you
Girls take for ever to get ready . -.-
oh but how did U fail tho u don't do that lol
yeah it looks like it from the trailer
I am thrilled at the fact that I just woke up from getting over 8 hours of sleep. That's amazing.
Is it bad that my sweet tooth was killing me so much that I just consumed a cup of munchkins and an Oreo coolata?
YES. he deserved everything christofer drew said to him honestly
chris is just too badass fo bryan's shit.
Austin's tongue ;;;
Shut up twitter. I need sleep
Casillas is my nigga tho ud83dudc4du26bd
were you loaded? How many of them did you have and where'd you go?
omg dinner was great!
seems like you have to be super nice to me ud83dude
Me want food. Now. ud83dude1"
When Miguel doesn't wanna play fun run cause he's doing college stuff &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
a big booty hoe
College won't be filled with immature little fckers like in high school ud83dude02ud83dude0e
Whoop there it is
You're losing your touch
Look alikes on tumblr ud83dudc6f
ud83dude24 When my Mom says yes and then changes her mind ud83dudc4aud83dude
You a hoe.
haha relax you'll get one.
My bf is always making friends with random people. ud83dude02ud83dude1"
he does! Haha I think he has a problem
This boy thinks he's slick cause he's talking to me and my sister #subtweet ud83dude
ud83dude0a I'm SUCH a great friend
That sucks...
i love you too :) &lt;"
Did insanity threw up in the first 10 mins #fml
Boo lol ha
Bleh this emotions
lol you remained me of that guy from curios George haha
lol idk some how it reminded me haha
haha his my regular costumer
I'm going sleep &amp; I will snore
The songs huevo is listening to reminds me of alot things ud83dude1"
My prayers go to my friend  hope your doing good
are you good like you feel good
lol Wth oh okay that's good I would go visit you but your going get out already right ?
Let it be &amp; Carrie on lol my friend words I go by day
nSo whatever bands use to make me dance ud83dudc83ud83dudc6fud83dudcb0ud83dudcb5ud83dudcb5ud83dudcb5nI had to stop that don't judge me Guys ud83dude4aud83dude16ud83dude1eud83dude1"
nNo Jose porfavor the pass is the pass ud83dude14 ah you suck I wanted to work with ya !!
Let's put the past behind usnAnd go far away where nobody can find usu2764u2764ud83dudc9"
And God I know I'm one
Omg that's enough I need stop slacking off
Sometimes you have to think of the bad times &amp; the reason why you walk away from it
You're not the first thing in my life I've loved and lost
hey locos !
I ate the best chicken soup u263a
nGemela imy lol
Change is not always bad
So I might volunteer to this thing where you go to Israel &amp; do community work &amp; stuff idk if I should but it will feel good
hahah me either shoes omg omg shoes lol
Thank God for another day ud83dude0"
Going for a walk
Good morning happy Sunday !
I'm hungry :(
Omg Im going be single this valentines day. Is been forever since I was 15 lol I hope that day goes by fast ud83dude1e
And even though we've moved onnIt gets so hard to walk away...
Attempting to do something productive
Blah today idk anymore
My nails are long yet can't do nothing to them it sucks !!!ud83dudc81ud83dudc85ud83dude4d
God is good all the times ud83dude4fud83dude0"
Yah I got visit
When the music stops ..
And I just blame everything on younAt least you know that's what I'm good at.
loo night gemela :)
I've seen lately a lot people from Australia  lovely people u27
I'm so lazy today ud83dude1e
I just can't hold in
Ah chicharones en salsa yummy !
nApparently everyone got it &amp; is horrible everybody is complaining lol
This time I don't run to you when everything is wrong :)
nIs it the girl you like lol
I like the roots lol ud83dudc4c
Ooh nerds play poker ud83dude47ud83cudfb2ud83cudccf
Goodnight going to finish reading this book u263a
Okay I'm finally get up ! ud83dude1d
thanks gemela :)
Ill go by myself
Chocolate diamonds what lol !?? I want me some ud83dudc8e
Tomorrow I work all day I'm going be home  around this time l
Thanks to Areli who brought me tacos u263a
I'm gonna meet him This year. And  I will probably cry my eyes out.
But I would say I like duelo a lot.
Having all 5 of my favorite country singers. &amp; I can only go to one .  :(
yeap it's my second year.
I would say NO SLEEP TONIGHT. Night owl!! Even on school days.
Brought my hair in s perfect bun.
;;;;;;;;;;u2764ud83dude0d
I'm just like nigga we know you faking it.
Who's perfect? SAM POTTORFF u27
George Strait?
When I'm sick I like to be on my bed doing schoolwork.
I'm actually studying. Okay bye.
Took like 20 pictures  with Sgt Cannon Camera.
It didn't bother me what #oomf told me.
We laughed until we crieeeeed.
You got a problem?
-_______-
Makes me wanna take the back road.
That we were living in the middle of nowhere.
That's the only way I know.
Dayum ;)
Wanna count the SHITS I give?
Life is like a box of chocolates.
Trynna get that picture out of my mind lmao xD whatever fuck it u270c
I miss football gamesud83dudc4e
Omg. Who remembers Bedrock lol I'm dying. Brings back memories.
Demarcus! Is FUCKEN ANNOYING ud83dude
Woman of my dreams ... I never sleep so I never find her
Lil Wayne - No Worries #np
no I'm just not a taaaaaaylor
is this nigga on something don't know how to spell and shit
your mom ; everything else
yes definitely
Most people respect the badge everybody respects the gun
Eating Honduran good is eating good ud83dude0aud83cudf5b
mala ;.&lt;
Finally finished ;_&lt;.
thank you pop!  and I appreciate that very much
na I just really don't want to go lol you going ?
lmfaoo ud83dudc4c
Super bored. ud83dude1"
Lmfaoo got played hard sl !   ud83dude12ud83dude1"
It's brick af in my room ud83dude1"
I used face time like 3 times and now I love that shit lmfaoo
new ig name I see lol
no you don't.. Lmfaoo
bitch !! Lmfaoo ud83dude2dud83dude2dud83dude2d
lol!
Back to san Antonio... Yay!
Hate being sick... Can't breathe and can't speak... no bueno!
wait you didn't invite me... Wtf!
Aww man! Well the Notebook doesn't either but titanic still gets me a little sad haha
Just cause
Whhy??
*buy
Haha no it's just funny how that's one of your regrets...well it's like an Aww que cute regret haha
:"
Haa
I needa finish that bitch.
Asshole
All smiles
I know it all
I can't even be mad
Ima be here all night.
Whats treading
#SometimesI Care
I need my cafu00e"
I take my cup to school
Shut up and go smell your armpit
This week is gonna suck I already know it.
And you next to me.
Like it's my fault .
I hate this.
My*
Fuhhh I for got about my algebra hw...
I love you babe:) love your boyfriend&lt;3:)
Lame .
That would make life so much better
you failed at organizing it....
Can't sleep....off tomorrow so it's not that bad I guess......so what if I wake up at 3pm...only to-do list is play drums n sing anyway
I wish I was in a happy relationship.  I tried to make him happy.   I'm not good enough for him.  Why does he stay??
Came to Visit grandma to the hospital. With
me and Alan want one!  How big do they get?? We want to keep it inside
I got a star today from  ^_^
thanks :)
way to ruin the movie bebe!
I hated coming to terms that school is nxt week :P got my books
that's what happens when ur not a kid anymore lol
I want to dye my hair a dark red. Not the natural red though cuz that's like orange. But my mom wouldn't go for that I'm sure :(
hate it when your walking and a niggga's with their shawty &amp; he looks at you like he just mind fucked the shit out of you like ud83dude33ud83dude1"
lmao oh aigh
why
Drake ;;;;
bumping heavy ud83dudc83ud83dudc
I want a massage ud83dude4d
I want this shit forever man
dique bitches
omfg!!
Lmfaooo fuck you guys for being cute. ud83dude1"
LMFAOOOOO
-_- I guess I forgot to sign out off twitter on your damn phone ud83dudeb"
why must my room be so cold?
Lmfaoo
Oh that was your girl? I thought I recognized her
phone with baby. ud83dudc6dud83dudc
Oh now I exist ud83dude12u270b
where's  ? ud83dude0c
Loveeee songud83cudfb"
What to wear bruhhhh
fuck you gn u270cud83dude3"
don't know if I should do curls or notud83dude14 help
aww lmfao od go out or something
omg dm me I'm lost son
WTF
I swear I almost said hi then remember I didn't have money
nigga I said I'm gonna do it tmmr lmfaooooo
idgaf bitch! ud83dude12ud83dudd2b
those are my girls awks..
yeaa lol
There's aliens outside
That is all
Fuck I need to do homework
on the bus &amp; i gotta pee so fucking bad .
Sucks at texting xP lol
Running on no sleep sucks.
I love the smell of how Victoria Secret body sprays and lotions smell (:  u2665u26
Omg im so fucking nervous.
-.- pfff nigga please xDD hahahaha
Ima do it just for the fun of it ;:)
I really do wish you can tell me what you think about me now.
Idk why  Is scared of me o.O im a nice person xD
In all honest truth....i only get to test 3 times. :o
Dammmmmmm !??? For real THOUGH ! woooowwww... hahahahaha
I really hope i go. Fuck my brother.
Where the fuck is my dumb ass of a brother .?!
I haven't talked to the koala in a minute. And now that i need him. He's their. (:
Dx why would i want that?! Thats mean Dx
hahaha xD ight then
oh yea huh xD hahah fosho
dammmmmm....fucked up.
I dont know what the fuck is up with me lately .
Foshoooo xp
I guess you are happy that im not with him? Uhhh ok?
hahahaha if you say so xP
I feel ya my nigga
You already know bro haha
I feel hella good right now!
My mom is dumb. She but her tongue chewing gum. ud83dude
Bitch*
Wtf!!!
WTF!!! Oh yea......FLORESVILLE
your adorable ^.^
I dont wanna drive home half asleep -___-
we was suppose to go eat but they had lagged:(
Just hoped that border xD lol
Sonic ! ud83dude
Aw /:
Just Finish ooVooing With  ('; Lol !
Cause Im Lazy ud83dude02u270b
Yes ud83dude2dud83dudc
GoodNight ud83dude34u270c
Only Her ud83dude02ud83dudc
Okay ud83dude0cud83dudc4c
What the fuck just happened?? I honestly did not post those two last tweets... who the fuck????
Fog is scary
Goodnight!! :D
I wish you were here. :(
My baby's kisses are the best. :*
My baby's kisses are the best. :*
My brother and sister just looooooooove to piss me off. -_-
And they wonder why I'm always mad at them! -_-
Thats why we're always late to everything!
and I'm just sitting here like.. babe call me. -_-
yes! our vacation is over. -_-
I have a black belt in sarcasm.
Oh joy! -_-
The last song. u26
I want a fruit cup! :(
Romantic movies all night.. all by myself. u26
The Notebook. u2665u26
Why did I even go out with you? You're U-G-L-Y!!!
It's gonna fell good to be back at the studio tomorrow! u26
Techno muuuuuuuusic. &lt;"
The fake bitches at school... Ain't nobody got time for that. ud83dude4"
But we have to take it day by day and see where it goes from there. :)
Jazzzzzzzz class. u26
I'm obsessed with Pretty Little Liars! ue4
I'm definitely gonna have a good day! :)
I'm in love with you. u2665 :*
But they don't know the truth. :)
My glasses gets on my nerve.. -_-
we all need to hang out again! ud83dude00 And maybe a lot of ud83cudf88ud83cudf88?! ud83dude1b
haha welcome! ud83dude
You're mean! -_-
more than likely. :)
I love Hunter Hayes! :) ue32d
Yup.. That's what I'm gonna do..
Yeah right.. I'm actually doing it for her. -_-
I wanna be happy. ud83dude25ud83dude2eud83dudc
What what..  is about to go off! ue00eue05"
Yeah we'll.. I don't.
I wanna text you so bad! ud83dude14ud83dude14ud83dude14ud83dude14ud83dude1"
I'm just gonna go sleep. ud83dude1"
I hate you for making me fall hard for you. ud83dudc
I hate it when people assume I'm talking to someone..
are you going to school tomorrow?
'Cause I'm a motha fuckin' P.I.M.P ;)
There's a lot of weird people in AHS..
Do you really think I give a fuck since you're with my ex?
Why do I feel like if I'm not wanted by anybody?
Why am I even your friend?
#ReasonsWhyIHateSchool you.
#ReasonWhyIHateSchool teachers.
I shouldn't trust boys anymore.
I really don't wanna talk to you EVER again.
Even though I don't feel like it right now..
haaaaaaw! lol okay.
Gym tonight !!
Babysitting my nephew today (^.^)/
YEAH IMA DIE COME HELP ME ); lol
I have to wake up early for church tomorrow ):
are you fwearing space pants? Cause your ass it out of this world! ud83dude0dud83dude31ud83dude4cud83dudc4cud83dude1"
My baby died by himself in the movie. C'MON TREY I THOUGH YOU WERE BETTER THAN THAT
Do i go to To yur house early? Cx
Dolores is responsible for that
I never give baby vic his space. I think that's why he's nice to everyone but me lol
Hope you can forgive me never ment wrong.
I think I'm the only one inside right now not doing a damn thing
stranger danger
probably not man you never know with those sites
that's what hot in the streets?
I'm kidding
i didn't see him looking for you on Saturday! He was too busy making that other girl look cute all night ud83dude
ha yeah they do. It's terrible
and  be blowing up my twitter feed
got to give yourself some rest days
Mmmmm
Lmao xD
I miss those nights when new years was a family good time full of love and good times
for a good one or a bad one lol
Wine doesn't taste that good when you drink it by yourself :/
-___-
Stfu
can't find it on my tv guide
Prolly never willue40e
look for one that's what im doing :b
you made it seem like it:D
I ain't no nigga waitress :D
Im the only one tweeting
3 hours of sleep &lt;&lt;&lt;
Your going with the family?ue05"
Bearly waking up ue404ue4
Why does it have to be windy!
Chillin with Richie and white boy(:
neta he said he hasn't talked to you since 7th grade!(:
Brownies later(:
wow we were supposed to go! Cooooooolyou ewwed me yesterday!
fuck you 50 cent :D
lmfao no :D
I wanted to cry of how emotional I was while dancing with youue418ue327ue32e
tonight was just the best!&lt;"
When me and  danced  Danza Kuduro and I was singing it to herue420ue418ue106ue327ue32e;;;;
in that case everyone is cool :D
I guess that's how much I mean to herue4
#oomf be looking hella ratchet on there twitcon though....
The text my girlfriend just sent me!ue327ue32e
Haha why :b
really! :O
Just saw  and  :b
Got ready for nothing!
Stfu I wasn't talking to you just stfu!!
This headache though &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Can anyone pleas shoot Jackie? (:
home I have to wait till Friday :/
I dont need to cuss when I argue..
Im sorry if i come off as being clingy but its just me missing you #NoughSaid
your not :O!!
so your a Latina :b
lmfao you couldn't think about it :D
ohh wow :D
My ass looks pretty big in PJ's ue405ue405 lmao
How in the fuck am I gonna so my hair !?*do
When your teacher makes fun of Mendota;;;tell him/her to suck a fat one!
in my pants lmao ;D
What ever happened to Akon?he disapeared in the darkness lmao :D
Was that a good one ue420ue409ue41"
Dont know if I could ever be without you cause girl you complete meue425ue32"
I sure will! (:
#DontBotherMeWhen Im With My Boii  ud83dude09ud83dude1dud83dude18ud83dude18ud83dudc96ud83dudc99ud83dude48ud83dude4athank you I hope Karina reads this babe :D
so you would starve just so you wont have to clean :D
he gets down huh lol :b
Gracias por sus oraciones...bendiciu00f3n
lol..yeahhhh!!!
a 3 way? Lol
oh cuz you tweeted u were at practice haha
foooo!
i miss you too!:( ..ill be there soon:)
Iwas Like Ohh Shit What Happened to Her D; lol Really Vivian Hows seen a new bby cuzin Boring lmao
Lmao Subway Chips and Brisk Is that what you dreamed about ? Aha jk Thatss Coool !
Lol wth . I'ma kill you :b
lol I doesn't know :D
Where all my twitaaa peeps :o
Well I'm going to try :)
Lol true dattt :o
yeaaahhhh :D
You stupid ! Why /:
Me either /:
What :o
Morning taco's and lemonade ;)))
wth am i //:
What should my fat ass eat ??? :)
ahah yes mayne we do bro (: aha
Where the fuck is Adrian??? Call me now
To my flower have a good day
and a fag
Just got out from the dentist. I was right. I chipped a tooth
You're still a shit sandwich...just not a soggy onen-Major Payne xD
Rather do something else after school
Gracias
Quiciera  amigos y amigas  para twtiar:-) :-) :-) gracias
Hola feliz jueves y bendiciones :-) :-) :-)
cx
nSaludos para mi esposa Lizeth que la amo + q mi Vida.6 au00f1os de casados y dos hermosas hijas.nTe vemos aqui en Zapata Texas.
Samantha I'm Sorry I Didn't Mean To Be Mean To You I Hope You Can For Give Me If You Can't I Understand I Am Truly Sorry.u27
ummm hummm jk
Boredud83dude1"
C
its all true AT. thanks for all the sage words and thoughts. Cheers and all the best to you.
2012.split( )
la tristeza me invade
a veces tengo que fingir demencia para hacerme creer que todo esta bien :S
hoy cumpleau00f1os de  .nFeliz Cumpleau00f1os Maque !!!
calentando motores ...
un minuto de silencio por esas personas que au00fan dedican twitts.nneso es ser muy Cursi. :D
y el poder de la mente jajaja
Microvideos en Twitter de la mano de Vine
wtf!! noticias increu00edbles en pleno 201"
envidia la que siento :)
Ola que Ase ?
seeeeeeeexy lady
its all true AT. thanks for all the sage words and thoughts. Cheers and all the best to you.
2012.split( )
la tristeza me invade
a veces tengo que fingir demencia para hacerme creer que todo esta bien :S
hoy cumpleau00f1os de  .nFeliz Cumpleau00f1os Maque !!!
calentando motores ...
un minuto de silencio por esas personas que au00fan dedican twitts.nneso es ser muy Cursi. :D
y el poder de la mente jajaja
Microvideos en Twitter de la mano de Vine
wtf!! noticias increu00edbles en pleno 201"
If your a guy and you use hehe your a fag. Lol
is on point with her tweets lol
when.?
nah..it's my phone  -_- sucks ass
why you gotta twist shit up ? Lol. I said my phones slow!
Hot boxing my car;;;;
lol fucker :p
Why do ppl think weed is so bad..? It shouldn't be frowned upon.
Me and #oomf made out in hs.. wonder if she remembers lol
Ehh.. probably not... Lol
I fkn hate my sister's bf..
So much for going to bed..Lol
Now I ain't saying she a gold digger..
Ah...! Just tell me already lol..
Uhh yeah.. No shit.Lol.
Fuck work... !
when do you want me in.?
This dude is taking forever...-_-
50% and It's barely 3:30. Tf ..
No fkn plans...
Kickback this weekend or whaa.?
I need Reggie.. help me out!
K cool bro.thanks
I hate work..
My mom is one of a kind &lt;"
lmao
:(  it's always a shame to see the good ones go bad
iwanna do something with  &amp;   tonight :(
yes even lol
It was just a simple question but iguess ..
Miss him :/
My babys goodmorning messages.&lt;33"
Wide awake.:o
My mom is making menudo yay :D
Cinderella gus gus &lt;3"
Finally got to talk to my baby on the phone :D&lt;"
Netflix &lt;"
When people brag about shit yes you already told us once so stfu !!!
Had the best time with my baby &lt;3(:
Goodnight &lt;33"
Watching my ultimate favorite movie the nightmare before christmas &lt;3:D
Over my head the fray
With my baby&lt;"
Waiting on my baby :o
Family tomorrow (:
cuteu26
so is losing! ud83dude1bud83cudfc"
vamos al gym?
what did they do to him?
let's play!
hahaha... for reals though let's play!
Already got mine! u201c I need to get my bingo players ticket like now lmfao who wants to take me to le mall:')???u201d
go! I already bought my ticket!!!
No muerdes? Que lastima...
haha i know
Omg  &lt;333"
Caught me off guard..he's so random.&lt;3:)
ur gay for going to six flags
It'll be weird..leaving inglewood.
aw yay:)
He's home&lt;"
I needa buy some chapstick.
yes you do:)
omg....omg..i died twice lol
Me too lmao
I wanna punch you so bad and then just hug you..really tight.
lol its not like i can punch hard
lmao omg my tia used to work there haha
Omg I'm gonna cry..that was so sad
lol wow i always smell good too haha
And my little Genesis too.:/
Where's my friend. She's the only one I talk to in here ud83dude3"
oh so i guess he's the spoiled one? My brother is. :|
do I lol ? ud83dude33 Well you never ask me cholo
Why not!!
ola aline ud83dude18 beijos pra voce abrazo como ta hoje ?
not in the mood for anything
where are my jazz shoes?!ud83dude2"
sleepyud83dude3"
that's not my fault!ud83dude1f
when your ex keeps hitting you upn#ThatsThatShitIDontLike
is NOT being a good brother right about now
lmao that shit made me crack up
carlos just threw something at my faceud83dude2"
where's all my friends with passes?
damn boy!
i'm scared of you nowud83dude1f
aww! ask her about the cat pictures lol
i'm so niceud83dude0c
nobody loves you anymoreud83dude3"
#ThatsThatShitIDontLike
i hate when you make me feel bad...
my momma and i made a bomb ass dinnerud83dudc
noooo!ud83dude12ud83dude12ud83dude1"
i need that shit for tomorrow but you don't care
imma go real quick to pick up my stuff i left there with your brother in law lol
i miss you too babe :/
hopefully i could go to michael's car wash tomorrow
here we go again with the excusesud83dude21ud83dudc4aud83dudca2 lol
fighting over nothing &lt; #ThatsThatShitIDontLike
i think i'm getting a fever
don't wanna get out of bed
ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dudc4fud83dudc4f
lol nice speechud83dude0fud83dudc4c
went to  house a lil while ago and went to his room but he wasn't even thereud83dude1"
no i can't :(
he is he called me at like 6:30ud83dude1"
you're stupidud83dude1"
Lol at you cx
Homework now -.-
thought they were called the 'Rayguns'
you think since it's exclusive they would have it at the Beverly center HOH
just forget it
alright :)
Painting my room ;;; u26
ew no I hate the regular ones ew disgusting -_-
ME lmfaooo.
