You can't trust no one.
Bailemos con el Tuca el Tuca Tucanaso
Chilling.having.drinks.with the girls
Ahhh!! No me quiero ir!!! :(
Goodbye Arizxona :(
where u going tonight
good shit now u know what your buying me for my bday :-)
Lmfao Lmfao wow no shame
What would you attempt if you knew you wouldn't fail
Be the flower who even gives its fragrance to the hand that crushes it
Just saw some dumb bitch driving while checking FACEBOOK #smh and then they wonder why accidents happen #dumbbitch ud83dude2"
Shopping!!! Cuz a girl can never have too many clothes or shoes u2764ud83dudc8bud83dudc60ud83dudc62ud83dudc61ud83dudc57ud83dudc59ud83cudf80ud83dudc5bud83dudc5c
oh ok lol I'm on my way
hey boatie. Pass some of that over here.
awesome!..totally awesome!
hell yeah bro!
lmfao estupid.
I wanna take a nap but I can't cause I have to go to work :'(
I've never ever felt like this before I'm so nervous
shuttupp lol
for what !
#cutforbieber this is seriously stupid. it isnt cute and if anything its making justin look like a bad person
really :o dang
im stuck at the theatres.
wasssup girl
will have ti ask about that &amp; see what time we get home ! i wish you had your freakin phone -.-
im kidding Edwin dont hate me !
am i nervous? yes. did i practice? no.
i want to justtt sleep
i cant tell my mom about my diet shell cause her drama. but i dont eat much bread anymore and i eat meals now instea of mostly snacks
i want the end of febuary to be over with. i missssssssss it so much
omg i remember this now lol whyd you tell domnique !
#MinnieMouseSweater i want a minnie sweater so bad
i wouldnt be able to spend the night ud83dude1e but i can come over &lt;"
well ill have to ask. but im not sure cuz you live far away
im so full.
not really anymore ~
*never nForgot to put that
and what's sucks is that you can't buy them used
-.-
Ramona TX Sun Jan 13th PM Forecast: TONIGHT Mostly Cloudy Lo 41 MONDAY Mostly Cloudy Hi 5"
Ramona TX Mon Jan 14th AM Forecast: TODAY Mostly Cloudy Hi 59 TONIGHT Mostly Cloudy Lo 4"
Ramona TX Thu Jan 17th AM Forecast: TODAY Sunny Hi 69 TONIGHT Clear Lo
no body cares Monica ud83dude0a
you finished them off haha?
why are you so bored
very funny ud83dude0a
why not
hope all goes well tomorrw
you stop ud83dudc4aud83dudca"
Fuckkk it then ud83dude1"
cause your a duche
You can't motivate the unmotivated!!! That's realnShit
I hate being ignored -__-
I love seeing black people in Jackson heights - I feel like yay! Other people like me!
lol you read the Gideon trilogy ? Sorry I'm late and I read like one Omar tyree book lol
aight then go were?
i hate waking up to no food!!!
I was pretty faded last night. Still am haha
who?
the feeling if feeling loved u2661u2661u26
lol omg
your happy (:
I feel your pain at least you don't have braces those shits are hell.
No one ok :(
Happy New Years
If love is actually true then it is better to wait and sew what happens..
Not me though.. nI'm just chilling sitting..
-.-
Get Low will never get old.
-.-
haha shhh!! ud83dude1b
I'm trying to get better! ud83dude1aTaking medicine &amp; everything ud83dude01 btw big bro my phone is cut ud83dude14 but thanks for caring!u27
I hope everything is going well (:
Text me honey buns! ud83dude1"
ud83dude1"
My BF just K'd me. I think he wants to get down.
#LiesToldOnTwitter
Madrid gonna be raping that ass against Barcelona on Wednesday!
Feels so good to play soccer right now!
ching you would copy me Brianna;)
puto o wow lol n I will:p
ohk lol!
My bf is perfect. Thought I should let twitter know. u263aud83dudc
I appreciate this ud83dude12 lololol.
#TweetSomethingYouSayAlot Ermahgerd.
Can't. Sleep.
We're cool ud83dude0f
Agh! I miss you!
Thank youu!!! u263a
Thank youuu! I'm gonna need it! u2764ud83dude1"
I LOVE YOU! Thank you so much princess!! u27
u2665831u26
wierdos
Let's Live!!!!
sorry :(
:(
I'm kinda really tired should I go to sleep?
Poooooop!!!
They lag.
you offered!!!!
#kaskade
I don't want to walk to school.
Yessssss!!!!! you read my mind!
I can't put my hands up :(
okay
ass.
ass &amp; titties
thanks :D
no I want to be holding it!
how!?
I'm serious!
Mcdonalds does sound good!!!
what's up with the fixie meet???
I like to go fast.
Therefore making it nothing.
oh okay :(
._.
Tired ..
Glad ill see babe tomorrow.
When I catch him staring at meu263a lol
I can't sleep /.
Babes comig over to spend 11-12 with me ue32"
shes basic
I wish  would notice me ue40d
Twerkkkk werkkkkk
Im pissed. ue416 wtf bro like no
stay fierce baaabe twerk fo them haterrrs
Would you like some tampons?
bitch your fucked up. *sucks on tampon*
Im A Slave To Ur Allure...
I wont let u get in between him and i..
Fukkkking ass hole!
LAUGH MY MOTHA FUCKING ASS OFF!! She's gna know wassuppp lol
Down
Lmaoud83dude
I'm Gunna fuck you right. ud83dude0f
Ughh homework :/
I ain't gotta be ballin with no other niggas x
no one better lie to my lil sister!!
Not my fucking morning with my mom&lt;&lt;
I was referring to your house lol
fuck that I dropped out of school all ready :/
ud83dude0eud83dude0eud83dude0e
ur class room has poster in the window nd it has blinds
This shit is gay!
Go for it
Wow wats that bout!
Jenni:( se te extrau00f1a muchisimo
No hay ningun dia que tu musica no escucha miss you so much #JENNIVIVE
lmao
how cute are u guys that made me cry.... Iam a big baby when it comes to love that lasts :P iam happy for you guys :P
hah shut up
Cute song (:
Finished all my work so I've had all this period to eat and do nothing (:
Picking up my loves (:
aww thanks baby u26
I want to be a young mommy (: when im 1"
I have colored eyes but yet I want to buy green contacts ^_^
Ill fix my depression wt McDonalds u26
Night in wt julissa (:
Depressed.what's wrong?? you can always text me!
Time to go eat after a hard practice (;
Didn't get ready at all today  :o way lazy!
ill save the last one for him
So far I have all A's and one B (: proud of myself!
wheres your quince going to be at?
thank you!!!:D
xD
xD
I hate this cold weather /;
Berwyn looks boring ass helll lol
I wanna smoke with an old friend from Maywood LOL real talk ^.^
The guy that works at the dollar store knows im always there to buy blunts LMAO
Love Thisss Shiit
Its fine you have better things to do.
Every bad thing I do my mother wants to take my phone away! ):&lt;
There's a reason why I put my music on blast. Shut Up Biitch!
Thanks for the you know what? (;
Yes.  Im done
I ain't changing no dippers.
I like to help people because I know how it feels to have no one.
I don't know if I should delete our pictures.
You're not sorry.
Im too nice my nigga .
guys always do something &amp; always find an excuse .
I dont trust #oomf because hes always with that one guy i have no trust in AT ALL.
Hulk really need to reply -___-
In so much pain .. :(
I totally dislike the fact you can feel there is a tension in the room when you walk in &amp; people just stare at you or ignore you.
I remember les &amp;  me in 8th grade made a promise to meet in time square 30years from now lol
I need a boyfriend who will spoil me &lt;3..and won't mind being in a sexless relationship...and won't mind me having a gf on the side too lol
Ghettoooo wing stop lol
cause I'm fat ud83dude1"
you wanna wash mine too? Lol jk
are my tweets even getting tweeted? lol
Amigos Feliz dia de Reyes :-)  saluditos
Okaay Thanks &amp;' i miss u ':c
I am Single D:&lt;
When People Poke My Dimpled thaats why there getting deep &lt;"
I wonder if i should tell him how i feel o;
I guess she has a new bestfrieend D;
I am taller than my sister   ._.
Take my head phones off or bother me while i am jamming and i am slap yo ass -.-
esque i wanna see mama and uhm haunted house and texas chainsaw cx
text me
Get it girl ! ( ;
Gym or dance ? hmmm . . . .
Golden chick!:D  Yea.:P
lmao
lol I'm feelin real goofy. Just got a huge blessing so I'm in a good mood for the time being lol
let em wait girl lol
ok and I'm a dyke cause I'm grown n don't watch those movies ok...
that's when you hit her with you mad gurl? Lol
lmao
bumping bitches ;D
I never argue; I just explain why im right.
Man it kills me too be thinking of old memories with him
Lol its funny how evryone says there different and there not
alyssa will pick you up
Lol he still loves her so wtf why do you keep trying for me and keep talking to me lmao
Memories... when he told me he liked me I got let it go thou that was a pretty while ago lol
Had fun today with
lmao stuid you didn't know how to spell her name
lmao I know who your talking about when you said you can have my sloppy seconds
Wow im not even gunna let that get to me im not even going to worry about it
My mom needs too go to sleep-.-
Man if my mom finds out im grounded for the rest of my life Lmao
I wonder if oomf will laughf at me if I fall when I sneak out the window because its high lol im scared-.-
I misss you tooo:(
yesss:)
Sometimes you have to accept the fact that you cant have who you want
My brother better pick me up after school because im not walking home
and one of them is me
Hola jhoanita como estas?
it not -.-
addict
haha I know :p #jokingwithyou
naw I am too lazy to do anything unless  gets in :p
Schlostzskys for lunch :D
yeah you just woke up
lol ok !!
lol yes please :p
sucks to suck
black eyed peas?
it gets the people going!! Lol
District show today was fun :) saw  for the first time in a while lol
wow delete my number
My bf thinks its cute telling me he's inlove with some model whore.... why I outta chop his balls off! ud83dudc4bud83dude2"
Faaaaaaaaaawk I forgot my phone charger
Think I got to sleeping at 6 it's barely 10 and I'm having a hard time keeping my eyes open
pay attention to your girlfriend
how cold us it?!
I hope soo!!!
think you're all bad
ud83dude1"
lmao when will she be ready George?!
ahhahahahahahhah ok Imma shower I've been in bed all day
turn that frown upside down
My heads gonna explode I need a fucking beer!!!
How the fuck do I always forget my freakin underwear when I come to the gym!! ud83dude29nn#GymProblemz
lemme ask
persistence #1wordresolution
your boobs are always crooked
I'm not cute
One time I was drunk and all over a girl and she messaged me the next day saying my passenger seat smells like your hair
I Miss you v.v
Drinking  coffee (;
Miss you  &lt;"
5 more days until school-__-  Idk if I should be happy or not
Guys always change after being in a relationship after a while.
lol so u ment i look young
you and your boyfriend are cute (: together ^~^ wish you the best cx
yep ;:)
envidia la que siento :)
Ola que Ase ?
seeeeeeeexy lady
If your a guy and you use hehe your a fag. Lol
is on point with her tweets lol
when.?
nah..it's my phone  -_- sucks ass
why you gotta twist shit up ? Lol. I said my phones slow!
Hot boxing my car;;;;
lol fucker :p
Why do ppl think weed is so bad..? It shouldn't be frowned upon.
Me and #oomf made out in hs.. wonder if she remembers lol
Ehh.. probably not... Lol
I fkn hate my sister's bf..
So much for going to bed..Lol
Now I ain't saying she a gold digger..
Ah...! Just tell me already lol..
Uhh yeah.. No shit.Lol.
Fuck work... !
when do you want me in.?
This dude is taking forever...-_-
50% and It's barely 3:30. Tf ..
No fkn plans...
Kickback this weekend or whaa.?
I need Reggie.. help me out!
K cool bro.thanks
I hate work..
My mom is one of a kind &lt;"
lmao
:(  it's always a shame to see the good ones go bad
iwanna do something with  &amp;   tonight :(
yes even lol
It was just a simple question but iguess ..
Miss him :/
My babys goodmorning messages.&lt;33"
Wide awake.:o
My mom is making menudo yay :D
Cinderella gus gus &lt;3"
Finally got to talk to my baby on the phone :D&lt;"
Netflix &lt;"
When people brag about shit yes you already told us once so stfu !!!
Had the best time with my baby &lt;3(:
Goodnight &lt;33"
Watching my ultimate favorite movie the nightmare before christmas &lt;3:D
Over my head the fray
With my baby&lt;"
Waiting on my baby :o
Family tomorrow (:
cuteu26
so is losing! ud83dude1bud83cudfc"
vamos al gym?
what did they do to him?
let's play!
hahaha... for reals though let's play!
Already got mine! u201c I need to get my bingo players ticket like now lmfao who wants to take me to le mall:')???u201d
go! I already bought my ticket!!!
No muerdes? Que lastima...
haha i know
Omg  &lt;333"
Caught me off guard..he's so random.&lt;3:)
ur gay for going to six flags
It'll be weird..leaving inglewood.
aw yay:)
He's home&lt;"
I needa buy some chapstick.
yes you do:)
omg....omg..i died twice lol
Me too lmao
I wanna punch you so bad and then just hug you..really tight.
lol its not like i can punch hard
lmao omg my tia used to work there haha
Omg I'm gonna cry..that was so sad
lol wow i always smell good too haha
And my little Genesis too.:/
Where's my friend. She's the only one I talk to in here ud83dude3"
oh so i guess he's the spoiled one? My brother is. :|
do I lol ? ud83dude33 Well you never ask me cholo
Why not!!
ola aline ud83dude18 beijos pra voce abrazo como ta hoje ?
not in the mood for anything
where are my jazz shoes?!ud83dude2"
sleepyud83dude3"
that's not my fault!ud83dude1f
when your ex keeps hitting you upn#ThatsThatShitIDontLike
is NOT being a good brother right about now
lmao that shit made me crack up
carlos just threw something at my faceud83dude2"
where's all my friends with passes?
damn boy!
i'm scared of you nowud83dude1f
aww! ask her about the cat pictures lol
i'm so niceud83dude0c
nobody loves you anymoreud83dude3"
#ThatsThatShitIDontLike
i hate when you make me feel bad...
my momma and i made a bomb ass dinnerud83dudc
noooo!ud83dude12ud83dude12ud83dude1"
i need that shit for tomorrow but you don't care
imma go real quick to pick up my stuff i left there with your brother in law lol
i miss you too babe :/
hopefully i could go to michael's car wash tomorrow
here we go again with the excusesud83dude21ud83dudc4aud83dudca2 lol
fighting over nothing &lt; #ThatsThatShitIDontLike
i think i'm getting a fever
don't wanna get out of bed
ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dudc4fud83dudc4f
lol nice speechud83dude0fud83dudc4c
went to  house a lil while ago and went to his room but he wasn't even thereud83dude1"
no i can't :(
he is he called me at like 6:30ud83dude1"
you're stupidud83dude1"
Lol at you cx
Homework now -.-
thought they were called the 'Rayguns'
you think since it's exclusive they would have it at the Beverly center HOH
just forget it
alright :)
Painting my room ;;; u26
ew no I hate the regular ones ew disgusting -_-
ME lmfaooo.
better go or i'll kill you!!  Lol
Haha I tho it took off xD
I just noticed you called lol =O
Lmaooooo I don't even know why you don't talk to me but whatever man lol ;_;
I think she's raging :o
:o lol
hi :) lol
You've been? and you really want to go?
What are you doing Sat?
alrighty then :)
Lmaoo I deffinitely do not have hairy feet lmfaoooo I can upload a picture =)
:o
Lol I love Niambi's Twitcon! Pizza looks good as shit =(
Stick it in all crooked like.
I'm confused okay -___- i'm not used to being awake this early =(
;_; lol
Lol OH damn =( That would be tight if it was longer ;.&lt;
Awe :')
black person.. weird i Know! smh lol BUT Send me a pic of my nephew!! =D
;.; James you dump bitches because they tell you they eat chicken nuggets and ranch! You tried to poison that old lady in iHop! your a dick!
lmao
At some point there has to be a point where you understand what was exaggerated or not lol
Lmao Didn't deny it I see! lol at least you know! Lmaoooo
Ohh yeah sure that too! lolol
lolol
Lmaoo your just planning this out? lol
Lol I wonder how this is going to play out.
Sahnnnnn Pharrel was sooo damn real! Lol
This nigga Emilio I gay making manginas in my room
what is that :o
Lol I think your just eating it to much lol
Lol You didn't know?
Hope she doesn't bam. ;_;
lol okay ^_^
text me :'(
he's just having fun lolol
Lmao apparently! haha he's dropping a album i think The return of the Hurricane lolol
Lmao of course i will! &lt;"
like what? ;_;
About to go make a sammich.
:'( lol
I really want Most Wanted now lololol it's been a while. ;.&lt;
Send me a pictureeeee!!!!! The entire world says I look like him ;__;
Why the fuck is this sandwich so damn good!
lol oh haha your right
where are you?
Lol I hope bianca replies... i really want to know about that App ;.&lt; It sounded cool :o
? Lol
Oh damn he's 25yrs older?
you just let Felicia shut you up too boiii lol i just think that picture is too much for you to handle lmao
Oh okay ^_^
I hope my relationship grows stronger.
Goodnight twitter :)
lmao true
Yeah you look EXACTLY like him.
lol yes! But I still think her crazy lol what has ringo been doing lately!?
hookah?
girl you Trynna put me in for life huh? Lol
Where do you work?
:( lol
oh lmao
I'm dying right now! lmao
Cenando caldo de pescado y camarones
naaaaaaaaa :)
If someone doesn't finish that last tweet im killing myself
:(
:( did you call her
Dont remember saying bye to patty i wonder if i feel asleep on her
fuck you're right
haha was it
Ohh god this dam pain needs go away ASAP ! ud83dude37ud83dudc8a
That was real nice of him lol he made sure I got to work save so he took me haha ud83dudc99ud83dude0b
txt me when you wake up tomorrow prima I just got out the shower &amp; I'm going to bed love you &amp; good night ;*
Damm right ! Lol
oooo lordddd!! Hahah here comes trouble! Lol awww karina I think your one of the strongest girls I know! Keep your head up :)
lmao ud83dude2dud83dude2dud83dudc4f
In love&lt;"
Fuck just waking upn#goodassnight
My New Years Viral Kiss ud83dude18  Love this kid!
When you use emoji's in your texts;;; ud83dude0d #MakesMeWantToTextYou
Love going out with no makeup. Too lazy to take it off at night ud83dude1c
FUCK YOU! u270cud83dude1"
really ud83dude33 go watch Texas Chainsaw Massacre!
thank you!
#YouGetPointsIf you are tall! ud83dude0d
that's cute! :)
Having deep conversations haha. Dr. Phil'N this Ish right here! ud83dude1b  relationship counselor! ud83dude
are you okay hunn? :/
thanks haha you should come see be ratchet at the gym :)
haha :) hello there...were you sent to me by the Gods lol :)
just wanted to say I love you ud83dude18 and you're gorgeous! #loveyoubestie
nothing... ud83dude1"
And hell yes I love my truck but I want you to knownHoney I love your love the mostud83dude1"
I think it's strange you think I'm funny because he never did ud83dude33u27
Guys who think you're too good for them;;; Baby you're too good for me u2764ud83dude
smnDon't Trust Klout  #sm
Got my early New Years kiss ha &lt;"
Bring me food and a shit load of water and ill love you for ever
Ok good night now lol
hahah I just learned that lol
hahah yea I'm staying in lol
Everyone needs a hug or a kiss no matter what !
wanna take me ? Hah
Gonna cash my check :)
Going in at 3:30 am to work ... Best shift ever -.-
maybe hah
Damn my ass is numb for sitting too long on this bus -.-
Ok I'm bored now someone pick me up .-.
it's ok ill keep my ground ha!
I have work tomorrow ;(
Fuck I'm so out of shape ha
well she lives near LA but I'm guessing your gonna be with family ?
I am hungry !
Fucken love that shit !
She ain't getting my nudes now ;*
My wallpaper ;;
that's some Britney shit lol
add me on Instagram !
you already know ;)
I have no clue what to do this weekend .-.
hahaha nigha learn to spell my shit and like at 5 or 6 why ?
lol how are you getting to Pomona ?
Just ate black people food with my black girl  &lt;"
hahah no thank you :"
BITCHES IM TAKEN HOP OFF MY DICk!!!
bitch.
Stuff!
better ;* Jk &lt;"
Good morning !!!
He already acts like a gay lol
Plus he's annoying -.-
Why the hell are girls putting peanut butter on their face ? -.-
Girls that can't spell and by that I mean dumbass Geneva !
no on Netflix .-. Like it's her talking and all that's it's pretty cool actually !
hahah eww no :"
Good morning :)
Call me mr shaved ;)
tell him to cook me some too -.-
I haven't had breakfast .-.
me too &lt;3 ^.^
yea what matters is in the inside not the out ;)
I keep it 10"
Don't stop believing !!!!
Where the hell is my gf ????
This nigga said he wishes he was a tampon hahah gtfo lol
The comback kid in the morning :D
when she gets her car soon hopefully :"
I'm sure it won't dont worry :"
Oh really now hahah ;*
Night babe&lt;"
I just saw a girl have sex with a dog and she sucked on his dogs penis ._. #facebook
yup Facebook alright ._.
duck both of you !! With a horse !
She ain't getting none ;)
yeah retweet my shit c:&lt;
Nooo -_- I love you moree!
I'm hopelessly devoted to you &lt;"
that's funny. That realy made mw laugh. Lol
I wonder when the album  Wrong Direction comes out any one know? Lol
lmfao. Its awkward when they make a convo and when theyre quiet. It kills me.
I hate not knowing people from Brownsville no one to hangout with :(
Maybe I'm Just Worrying Too Much .
So thiis Giovanna gurl sucking  her own tampon smh everybodys talking about it haha but i think itz all fake cuz she jus wanted to be fame
i looove tajin
lmfao
it is shut your mouth ;:) &amp; you better not have any other ones!
Henry is the cutest u26
Did I not tell you enough crap yesterday?
lmao fernanda your so dumb I miss your slow ass :D
I want a job like asap.
But at least I dont have to worry about girls cause he's gay and he knows ill give him hell.
thanks ana :)
lol it's okay :)
I haven't taken a picture with my bb -.-
And I was having so much fun -.-
This is exactly what I didn't want to happen.
did I really?
okaay :)
good avi
You'll get better
nooo lol eat watermelon
lol come on man!get on my level!
goodnight
:-)
of course I love you ;)
nice good work
sexy future girlfriend lol!
carb to cardio?
Hey love
Miami Heat! #miami
No chest workout today  but im doing back :)#gobigorgohome
Lets Go Heat!
very pretty:)
whoaaa wussa lol
Switch to  #TMobile
relax...
Good night
lol tippy toe
how's working out going for you
throw a pillow at him lol
Good Morning #Miami
hope all is well with you and that you are doing great
lolol they will:-)
great avi
yeah Buddy
very nice sexy too ;)
Couldn't find a pic of your arse lol  is that how you say it.... Black dress was close to see it
lololol look I posted another pic :P
likewise
Wassup with you
Oye Mami !!' xP
When my WiFi sucks&lt;&lt;&lt;
I find it amusing when I find nose in Ruzzle.
Maybe its a hot tub time machine.
That's a compliment. #awks
awks
;)
you are #awks
#oomf
okay homie
Little ducks;;
Cute smiles;;
Gonna throw on Friday;;; Fuck winter formal
Need to go back to H&amp;M with money. Lol
Next Friday;;;
Dude Juan Cuecha never Snapchatted me wtf.
idk :)
Frosted Flakes;;;
We become so numb to what we're saying.
it was still afternoon for you..
okay :)
I like to sweat &lt;"
-____-
#IGotAThingFor subway :)
Adrian is still a coach right?
&lt;"
NaCl?
eagles?
both
what did you guys do today?
oh no problem gummy
but still! Lol :)
Jackass;;;
yeah lol ._.
Awks
Haha It's Friday tomorrow! ;;
I hate when its awkward...
that one picture Armando posted of you and him when you went to slag
dude I'm serious
Gridiron Gang;
disgusting
My crave for shoes is never ending.
what's the other way around?
#wack
&lt;"
No problem.
by who?
What?
What?
This isn't everyone on the team...
That nap;;;;
My favorite memories with my grandpa are the times I watched baseball with him for hours.
what size?
Fuck all you people. I still get out at 3:30 every day this week.
I mean I guess.
Most of the 7s are actually nice. #J's
Thanks dude!
I'm Different playing in Dunkin Donuts haha
an*
damn Gaby #getit
I hate stomach flu that's my fuckin problem.
You're acknowledging my existence by tweeting me.
Yeah haha
.___.
I can't think right now.
I don't have netflix.
Because.
I'm so glad I left my bookbag at school.
Who's a tweet watcher?
Are you him from the wii tournament?
I can't wait for all the new years that im not getting
The possession ;;;
Hope it's true u27
We're something else lmao u2665
awww :(
See you when i see you and I hope its some day real soon.
IM BACK BITCH!!! :D
no cuz i failed the test i got a 33 -.-
at least the school gives you food -.- #CollegeProbs
I want Sandelas already!!
TLC's #WNTW
how was the meet?
Jeep Rides ;;;
Anytime :)
He fed the ducks
Are you two strapping??
Is someone else calling you baby
Lol
#LiftedJeeps &lt;"
Softball with my family tomorrow u2764 u2764 u2764 u2764 #LoveThemToDeath
He gave me you for the up &amp; downs
thanks
that's nice
Oh
A boy who loves country music just as much as me ;;; #KeepHim
aww *Blushes*
I wish we had a #NationalTrainerAppreciationDay
lol I did too! It's all good doe :P
yea you should've!!
thank you!! :)
Catching up on  !! :) Love  &lt;33"
It's been a while ... But I'm back :')
Well I'm Finna Crash Out Already Since My Boyfriend Fell Asleep On Me
she a go getta n nigguhz just surprise of how she came strong
Unlimited choices exist in your imagination.
With Yessy &amp; Austin
Carne asada u27
iPhones suck!!
no. He just confronted xzavier. And he didn't do anything.
haha alrighty!
I wish I had more Dr. Pepper
Carmelo better fuck up Garnett.
haha yea it was like green and blue
Why does Carmen gotta sleep diagonal??
Im craving some cheese cake.
Love &amp; Basketball on BET! Never seen it.
Blaaaaaaaah!
100 fuckin bottles.
Someone come over dammit.
I need my friends right now. But no one is too be found.
I was never a priority to you.
let's just go with out Priscilla jk. Let's go Friday before you work.
someone call me!!
HAHAHAHAHAHA
How do people not understand Twitter? There's nothing to understand. It's so simple.
That shits in my head.
I like the way I moved my room around :) it feels good.
Nobody cares bro.
heat!
I had to find out through social networks. Great.
whata emoji is that?
Fresh outta work! Let's go eat!
I guess so.
I don't need me then I don't need you. You're not there for me so I won't be there for you.
Gonna hit up whataburger alone like a loser ._.
I wish I could ask you to come over and spend the night .__.
hahahahahahahahahahahaha! Hu00e9ctor and Angel are also back. Fyi... :)
I just want this day to be over with already. So I shall end it!
I'm not the bad person here!
if you want. I don't wanna /:&lt;&lt;
Gonna jam and clean.
All these people are running and I'm sitting in the car eating my quesadilla (:
they're so ugly!
cada du00eda hay que superar los obstu00e1culos de la vida y tratar de ser feliz
ihy
I want to live in California!
I love hot Cheetos
It's already 1 ? Wtffffff.
My dogs are so cute!
I am taking care of my brothers kids in a bit. :))
I'm beautiful and I know it .
FUCK!! I want sushi!
I'm alone.
I will never understand how a person can be so mean and cruel to others for no reason
I want to live in Disneyland.
I see your pussy!
Um I really hate when my guy friends say I'm beautiful or cute. It's like stop. Your like my little gay brother .
dude I can't stand that show buckwild FUCK ITS SO ANNOYING!!!!
Almost fell in the puddle of soda
gracias Chiquis eres Muy querida te almiro muncho Att:  desde Brownsville tx
tfti-_-
:D that was so fun! I'm sore HAHA that's how long I haven't danced
Lmao Want a paper towel?
I I I I I I cant wait!!!
My life is awesome!
i have to!!!!
After the performance about 30 minutes went by and the dj played my song again!!!!!
Get to know me!
All my chicks bad!
Some call me Babeygirl
lmao im too much
im a soul singer!!! i do live shows and i can sing sing
the old ones too damn quiet!!!! lol
Chris Brown and Frank Ocean???? Stop the madness
who up?
ello love! Como estas?
#np chashing cars ud83dude97ud83cudfc3ud83dudca"
I see Kattud83dudc2f Williams on my TL lol
Train ;
Good morning daddyu2600ud83cudf1e...
#np 50 ways to say goodbyeu270c
you already know c; &lt;"
But it's so hard!
#Goodnight
Falcons came to play!
At least the school was saved!
ud83dudc81lol! ud83dude
Ima be like thisud83dude11in 1st tomorrow then like thisud83dude35in 2nd for my APUSH exam lol!
ud83dude3"
Pop quiz for bioud83dude
Finally in 4th! u263a
*tear tear* lol
Neon Trees ;ud83cudf32ud83cudf34ud83cudf3"
Feeling the love tonightu263a
I love you too Koritaud83dudc96ud83dude09! I know when something's upu2b06ud83dude33..don't trip I'll have your back in the summer ud83dude4cud83cudf1eu2600ud83cudf08lol.
yeah I know we haven't in a cool while lol
#np when I'm gone
Mr. A doing gangnam style ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude
4th with  and  ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02;;;
I wonder
Lmaoud83dude
27/30 on my APSUH exam ud83dude09nIdk about the FRQ thoughud83dude31?!
That song says it all!ud83dude
#np mad love
#np everybody talks
My mom is making pozole yeeud83dude01!!!
Fuck you Allen!
OKC be looking like the Nets lol
Doc Rivers thinking outside the box! Getting therapy advice from Adrian Peterson for Rondo!
just yours or earpods in general?
People are like wtf who's that lol
Song with good bass lines!ud83cudfb"
Page 1209 lol
woooooow .-. Lol!
my gf lol
I kinda wanna be more than friends..ud83dudc83+ud83dudeb6=ud83dudc8f
that's why they call him Mr. C lol it's like C******************* lol idk how to spell it xD !
My liddo mans header though ; lol
I personally hate the word! It's overused so much!
#np moving in the dark
Lmao Juan Gabriel on my TOL be Qt
I opened twitter and I got a message not my fault.
He*
Anytime I talk to  we get All ghetto! Lol
how'd you do it lol? ud83dude3"
two years later! Lol
mm elida brought us some cookies this morning
Feels good to finally be home!
anything cute and sexy
man you live far first of all.
and you only come once a blue moon.
I did boo thanks
why
we will find one and we will get you a car lol no promble mom!
Nah that shit doesn't flow with me.
King Taco with my dadu27
how many twitters do you have now? Lol
I guess my dad ain't coming home today!ud83dude1"
alright alright then! Did yu go back home already?
Haha alright boo enough said then do it :)nOh man when you coming back?
#nowplaying Mac Miller- another night aloneu27
liar lair pants on fire!
My dad tripping that I'm get drunk...
Fuck!
My fucken head is killing me
I hate sleepless night
alright fursure then I will
Still in bed ud83dude0e
He gives me everything I want &amp; I treat him shit!
I want to go home already!
I hate feeling like this&lt;&lt;&lt;
Sometimes I wish I could just tell my dad everything! ud83dude2"
Sorry dad.
I seriously hate buses!
don't worry it will all pay off! Trust.
I hate losing my phone in my bed lmao
And my phone is being STUPID!!!
My neighbor always keeps me company when my dad leaves.
To bad that he's gay! Lol
ud83dude
Finally my dad picks me up!
lol
I only had four hours of sleep and am out!
ud83cudf5d
ud83dudc3"
ud83dudc3a
ud83dudc3"
ud83cudf3c
yeah there all yours!!! How did you know. Lol
liar!!!!!!
idk you tell me ;D lmao jk
you get my Kik foo? Lol
finally my cough is gone ! :)
Im tired of trying :/ #fuck.it #moving.on
foshooo
what a burn on life.
its a really BIG FEAR.  #scurred
I swearr im like taxi to errbody.
Birrffday countdown 10 days :DD
People who act on their emotions on the moment then try and take it back GTFO!
Gonna Make Pancakes n.n
Doo my dance.
Every one in my family is attractive.
Okay now how do i change my profile pic on twitter? #omg
Happy New Year ((:
I got a new number didnt I send it to you??? Na I didnt lol did u??
u guys can tell me what the chapters are about
Shower grub homework n sleep!!
photograph !
More swollen than it was before.. great #DancerProblems #FML
thank you (:
well damn._. You're lucky!
you're talking to the king of it;:)
sure
you're making me hungry;.&lt;
as long as y'all get along lol.. Oh hi Thalia(: I'm a stranger:p
iris should buy us churros! Hahaha
NOONE GIVES A FUCK ABOUT THAT!
im kidding I know you do ud83dude1c
Damn its only 9:56 um bored wonder what to.do hmmmm
Nobody to sleep with maybe it's time I slept with softie
Cant sleep grrr man mad I cant find softie
Yeahh You Cute .. But I Mean Only On Twitter u270c
Just Cause You Wear Name Brand Shit Don't Mean You Can Dress
yea I can't mess up this time
Forgot what I was gonna tweet about
If you don't txt or call me don't get mad when I say who this
Just need to go
Now I really don't wanna be bothered
I will do my work after the inauguration I promise
Gonna divorce  from being my boothang lol
Last night &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;welp it's a new day hopefully this day stays good
lol word I feel that
don't think it is
Biishes b looking like timmy from odd parents and claiming they bad
awwww I miss you two ;.&lt;
Lalalal
so like
well that was a fail ud83dude14u270c
regina said everyone hates you because your such a slut
did you sit down and soak up your awesomeness
oh no i cant say anything until i have a parent or lawyer present
finally girl world was at peace
lmao
hey guess what? #IDGAF ud83dudc81ud83dude18u263a
anyone want pizza ud83cudf55ud83cudf55ud83cudf5"
Some people should not have twitter #BecomeTwitterlessPlease
I cant stand being in this house ud83dude11ud83dude11ud83dude1"
tbs :) depends what you have
Just know that I KNOW.
shut up your so late u270b
OMG I feel so bad ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude22ud83dude2"
i still feel terrible for what i did to my boyfriend
Gonna get ready
Goodnight ud83dudc8b
lmao okay baby see you tomorrow
LMFAO ud83dude02 Well our circle would be the pretty girl club lol
I love cheer perfection ud83dude0d
no shit nigga look at my  location.
time to wake up go run and work out. aghhhh
im being random today.. not normal LOL
catch me at the Mills
going home after all.... yusss !
they all whores
i like holding yoyr hand when your fingers  are between mine.
-_______- lol!
This is to much i keep on laughing im done
omfg xD  i love u...
Music is my life.
Ha! Ha! You inspired me to draw that after you showed off all your new colors!
My mom made me come to school even tho i got like 5 hrs of sleep last night. ud83dude1"
What would i do in school if i still ddnt have a twitter? ud83dude2eud83dude2eud83dude2e
well i know me forsure idk bout u doeee. ud83dude2"
ugh this fat bitch is always stretching showing her fat like that's disqusting stop fatass
Rihanna should date a Lakers player cause they can't beat anybody.
lmao should i post this pic i just took in my undies? #attentionwhore #whatever ;)
hahahahahah i posted it for like 3 secs i hope no one saw. ud83dude09ud83dude06ud83dude
he sent my mom the same shit lmao
nigga i really need a good grade in this class i swear. i'll kill myself if i fail. ud83dude2"
i'm hella hungry.
i know i was likr wtf cause in the picture it looked like avocado green but it was clear. ud83dude1"
lmao i tweeted that with siri ud83dude
that would be the cutest thing ever omg.
my grandma said i'm her prettiest grandaughter. ud83dude0dud83dude1"
this nigga tryna make me read his essay about God like sorry but no
i use benjamins to wipe my tears.
my mom is so old now smh
ugh my mom has SO MANY hookups but she doesn't wanna help me get a job. ud83dude1"
i'm so excited to get home &amp; use all mah lush stuffs jk i'm not gonna use it all today.
ugh i fucking hate my sister!
at the mall with my dad yeah bitches u wish u had swag like me
Also wade balled ud83dudc4c
Nahh let me stop...the lost its self is embarrassing ud83dude
yeah I know lol out of nowhere the are heat fans...I don't remember them before Lebron came over haha
So cute how she keeps up with basketball with me u263au2764ud83cudfc"
Now the Ravens need to get this shit! ud83cudfc"
This guy is such a hater Jesus help him ud83dude02ud83dude4f
frank lol
This is gonna be a fun as SuperBowl ud83dude01ud83cudfc"
ud83dude3e
NO INVITE ud83dude1eu270b
Me da risa que siempre que viajo mas de alguien me preguntan si soy de la India jaja
Saw u from far thought id say wassup? #LilWayneMan
Thinking of  for some reason....
just like that
Your werid....I like that shit.
Nobody understands how much I freaken love Africa!
How cute you have a twitter
Dude....u werent alive -_-
No no no no....its a Galaxy
I got nothing in my life so im watching it...
Lemmi guess....u dont have it?
if I turn down hanging out its just..I hate getting close to someone.... I always regret it
If she cant beat it she makes me do it and i have no idea how!
Lmaoo!!
I think i just slept for more then 12hur o_O
