Bad dreams here I comeud83dude2a
cool...
Not looking forward to getting up tomorrow. #Rain #earlymorning
Not having a phone and having to use your iPod is the worst. Shows how much I lean on technology. #LifeSucks
Everyone just lol'd because a Rick Ross song was playing in the background of the movie lolololol  #livetweetsfromdjango
Fingers crossed that  announcement today is about new music. I'm still obsessed with futuresex/lovesounds
All the #Knicks have to do is not blow this lead
Apparently it's stylish to cut off all your hair and grow an offensively large beard #hipsters
And now it's off to bed much later than I wanted #zzzz
Train station bathrooms are the worst
I am barely functioning right now
RIP Sandy Hook. Never forget. Change for them. We can be better and we must be
Everyone just wants to be valued. And I'm just not
I'm just waiting for the next #GOP scandal to break. Can't be long now
4 days until London. This shit is getting real
Love thee Notre Dame.
This class blowing me so much. Senior year stat class all over again. Yes the on level version like!!!
just saw this toooo. Miss you so so much.
Watching mystic river. Forgot how crazy this movie is!!!
It's bad when your patients family smells worse than the patient ever has. #cantbreathe learning to love people no matter what!
what happened?!
Where do I find earplugs in target?!
I'm tempted to join you tonight !!
just put up a new mix. It should hold you over until the next show.
truth.
put the nice in the trap
I miss you both!! And the circus!!
where are you love?!?
Exactly ONE WEEK from today MURFREESBORO YOUNGLIFE is back!!!!! Get exited!!! Mark your calendars for February 4th!!! Be there!
and I are going to elope tomorrow at the hot dog stand on 19th &amp; Park across from City Crab 2pm if anyone wants to come #love
thinks rolling suitcases are morally wrong
Worst shooting performance of the year is coming at a bad time. A lot of open shots that KSU has to hit to win these big games. #kstate
One of the toughest workouts I've ever had
too bad unc sucks. Nc teams &lt;&lt;&lt;
why show Devin Hester during Faith Hill song? Ruined it for me. #Bears
My shoulder is colder.
The beauty of youth is truly remarkable.
First blood for me during Mountain Biking. #Ouch.
DREAM A DREAM AND DASH ANOTHER.
Anxiety go the hell away please.
Thanking God today for the SHOWERS of blessings he has given to me!
give me 30 minutes
any type of sliding is NOT a travel until you roll over or change surface of body. Ref 1
now shall we play some call of duty?
and I need to get chipotle soon!
Why is it flurrying!?
Good first day of classes!
#TalkLikeYourBestFriend is he off limits too orrrrr?  hahaha #baddecision
#TalkLikeYourBestFriend she's stupid and annoying   #mutualagreement (:
Jimmy Fallon has sexy scruff tonight. I'm one thousand percent more attracted to him that I ever have been before.
I feel like that's normal. Cause I don't have that fantasy either. #werebothprobweird #bachelor
ud83dude02ud83dude02 comeover Chris's right noww
When people make fun of others for trying to work out nd be healthier  make me giggle. Have fun wearing that one piece swim suit on sb ud83dude4a
Shin splints ud83dude2"
You can't say: I hangout with guys and have all guy friends because they're less drama if you end up fucking all of them
This whole not having any wifi makes me realize how much I need it
How fast iPhones charge ; how fast iPhones die &lt;
I can never seem to stay focused in school ud83dude2"
I wonder how many calories this blunt is if I ate it ud83dude02
And it's probably due to the 100+ games of solitaire I play
I just worked out at work for 5 minutes and I'm exhausted #thisistomuch
good night Reid
You're such a little ass.
my blonde hair omg
I am so bored
why? It isn't even rated. R
I neeeeeed to see of mice&amp;men in march
Going out driving omg
Hummingbird will forever be one of my favorite songs.
Today in pysc we got books to bring home so I'm reading about mental illnesses for fun. This stuff is so interesting!!
I love hugs
Now I have study hall and gym alone how fucking wonderful
It must be a crime to be as fine as youuuu
Pretty sure every one of my co-workers is bipolar
I love the smell of campfires
Damn this couple down the hall have been fighting all day and they are screaming so loud I basically know their life
WHERE IS THE CAT TRANud83dude
I hate Will Smith right now
it's okay baby ud83dudc4c still love youud83dude2c
I miss you too and thank you!
thank you!
I thought I would wear leggings but i think I will wear those tomorrow....
just a little ....ud83dude
Sydney is coming home with me ud83dude
I should of went running yesterday .
Welp bring more then $10 .
I know ...
If you knew what it took....
Hmm in a good mood .
they do .
My baby is not playing tonight......
Alittle upset that I can't see out my window.
Wtf are you really going there ?! Don't even act like that.....your soo fucking clueless.
I need some new running shoes. .
you don't even sit by me ...
Hey my favorite colors are pink &amp; green....
I thought you said the gators were good?
I satisfy all needs
good thing I didn't study yet
Can't wait to be back in Corvallis on Friday with  ud83dude0a
haha why does this keep happening to me
ill look at it.
Breaking bad is fire.
I &lt;3 snow days
One does not just simply walk into Mordor.
of course! I wouldn't tease for somethin like that!
#TweetAFear not living up to my potential..
I just want my life to fall into place.
he's gonna learn tonight. u26f"
Today is a great day and it's only because I didn't take my ritalin. #ADDsolutions #monday
I just want to sleep but I can't because my neighbors are screaming. #shutupchildren
Coffee has been helping me fall asleep at night. #whatisgoingon
ud83dude01 okie I'm o.k. With that. We will hang out soon like this weekend or something and get sushiiii
I'm waiting in the office come 7th hour and I'm not leaving until I get my schedule changed....
oh boo I had first last semester. Darn.
literally just send a text that says 'back off' and not to text you.
Catching up with old friends at #Applebees. #goodday
HARPOON WARS.
I made a movie for Parker's. #overachiever? #makinganidiotofmyselfsince
I wanna go fishing so bad. ud83cudfa3 #firstdayofsummer #everyonesinvited
Not even the first day of summer just whenever it gets warm enough.
No seriously I just got so rattled thinking about how my little brother ate the last toaster strudel today. #OMG #RAGE
Drove with my windows down today. Can't wait to take off the doors and top. #summerhurry u2600u2600u2600u2600u2600u2600u260"
I'm okay with being a 'yuppie.' #fuckwithit
Finding different shit out never ceases to amaze the fuck out if me.
Should be mandatory that if your teacher is gone and there are no subs to teach the class we can stay home...
Should be mandatory that if your teacher is gone and there are no subs to teach the class we can stay home...
Don't go crying over your not making it to Hollywood when you go and embarrass yourself on American idol
These dogs really enjoy taking up the bed.
I hope today is a good day
Just sitting all alone in the car
Lets go on an adventure
I have to pee
Can't hear &amp; I'm talking so loud because I'm so deaf
Apparently I'm violent in my sleep #SorryNotSorry #mean
Thanks! All I ask for is dinner &amp; it's 5:30... Where is it?
And I have to go to a place for a job ....
Just the feeling when your in a great sleep &amp; then your alarm rings &amp; wakes you up.. Don't get why I picked early classes
Girls can spend all day with a big smile saying their okay and behind all that is a girl screaming for help
Why does life havenTo be so complicated
Deep thoughts right now.
Babysitting my favorite little Aussie baby and watching my favorite Aussie basketball player on tv #GoGaels #aussiesrule
welcome back to twitter life! You've been missed #mommadee #loveyou
Cheers to the freakin' weekend... I'll drink to that! #amen
Never been so tired in my life... Can't find my phone charger... Rocking 1% battery right now #goodnight
I can give a fuck about no hater long as my bitches love me!
lol never gonna beat me bud!!
I gotta work at 3 cuz I'm goin to tomorrow tho
I would've but my money feel better than pussy lol
Goin to olive garden to bash some shit !
on my way home now
shit it's whatever add me when u get a chance bro
Someone motivate me to do my to finish my homework. #lazygirlprobs #ihateschool
good I'm glad :)
Spanish is so dumb
S/O to  for womans world player of the year. Great job! #inspiration
I want to go on a cruise so bad ud83dudea3ud83dudea"
#IGotAThingFor big arms and green eyes ud83dude0d
Only I would give myself a paper cut on top of a paper cut ud83dude1"
Barf.
Seeing   at a stop sign! ud83dude4b #hiiiiiiii
Every time I find cleats I like they never have them in store ud83dude
Sometimes being the older sister sucks :/
I keep falling asleep and its 9:30 #pathetic
Someone save me. They keep taking Snapchats.
I'm mean to my friends #YOLO
I'm ready for some #hockey today!!! Anyone else?? #Flyers
Lugubrious ud83dude1"
YES! No school tomorrow!!!
gerber collision in lake st
Productive as day
Chili is perfect for lunch today :)
I just don't want to get out of bed...
HIT AND RUN SOMEONE CALL THE PO-PO
I've been sleeping all day. #lazysunday
He is currently laying on the floor in a drunken stupor.
If you see on the news something about the Chicago Kitchen Clown Bandits then it will be referring me my friend Eten and I.
Mrs. Kimzey...why are you so loud... #sub
I promise rice works. Saved phone 3 different times. Just don't turn it on!
I will baby girl!
yes! When I'm done at dinner :) no pay needed
When my dad buys me Starbucks cards for no reason ;;;;
Just discovered I'm better at putting lipstick on with my left hand than my right... Crazy #learnsomethinneweveryday
wish I could retweet this ... #getmeoutofhere
Wish I was forewarned of how busy the BAC for Women is at 5:30 pm. Ew! I hate people!!!! #toobusytomove
I want it too!
Me &amp; puppy are cold. Morning snuggle sesh with him ud83dudc8b
Baby went to bed. ! Poor baby has work tomorrow :/
Heckyah back to school and feeling ahhmazinggg #loljk #no
wait so if I tell u to get me pizza from gennaros do I have another thing coming?
maybe he's not in the room #sped
Disney movies teach u great lessons
Imagine if the redskins still had Sean Taylor!
The fights today between the redskins and seahawks are hilarious!
Come in Redskins! It's been 10+ years. You didn't make it this far for nothing.n#HTTR
This is on Mike Shanahan. This is all on Mike Shanahan.
3 hrs. This is ridiculous.
She's home now. All kids safe and now I can go to bed!!!!  Night night Twitter!
Thank you  for taking  driving today. I'm so proud of how well she did.
My dog is so obsessed with me ud83dude
I don't fight anymore and some people better thank god. #growingup
East Georgia &lt;&lt;
I feel like I tweet so much but my count never goes up ud83dude2"
Nausea please hold out for one more hour
she do lol
They are match
Mitch even has fans from Seymour!!!
will wrestle his homie 4 life but no mercy u feel me
Do y'all see me out here promoting this wrestling meet like its the Super Bowl? Turnt
like it really ain't lol
Booty wurk
Wurk the booty
Booty booty everywhere
He wanna catch these hamds
He ain't poppin squat
Idk why everybody d-ride tupac for when's the last time he dropped a song?? 1995???
Tupac sound like a horse
Biggie sucks too fam
Why did tupac favorite my diss tweets
ill snapchat you Kyle
me too lol
I took it all from him
My fav movie
They making out on the table lol
It doesn't work lol
I fell in love with the farmers daughter
I'm based
My oh my ur so good looking
first time using all my skips on pandora!
Dead ass
My aunt gave Gary Paulson a handjob so he gave us a bunch of free books
I need 2 beef with fake based their existence makes me angry
I want 2 eat food rn
Nintendo 64 is what I am
Bred 11s are they ugliest thing why would you buy them
I got hustled today
Just chill on that
Hazing is a serious offense holmvik I'm not joking
Don't blow it like I'm about to - Blake
Clayton lmao smh
Rap game twitter
I love the rain
I make it rain- BASEDGOD
Especially one where he is crying he is in a fragile state rn
And you talk S to him
U feel me
Out
Twitter hate
Tell me why my twitter jail chronicle tweets came out in a random ass order
I used the secret based code to try and talk to lil b but It didn't work I must not have done it right!
I don't believe in the I believe chant
Bus leaves without with us so we roll up in a line of 4 cars. #aintgotshit
When all your friends come out to watch you play and you barely play. #embarassing
I just wanna be successful. #hardwork
it was the truth. The program had a crappy year because of the sanctions. When they got caught for cheating
he's 3 years old. Your just lying to get Eddie into USC! Just like Pete Carroll did. Which is why he's in the nfl! Kiffins next
I really like those sweet girls who r like wayyyyy too nice that force you to try and be nicer than them
This bouncy bus makes me feel like shit. It's not even raining and the bus driver has his wipers on so annoying.
like that's all I ask. one. simple. thing. and nobody can do that one thing for me.
my tweets are usually very hateful.
the fact that people actually think it's going to snow tomorrow. #wereinbamapeople
I don't even know what's going on. I'm so oblivious to everything tonight.
trev what are you talking about...you don't do needles. or pain.
I honestly don't see how it can take so long for people to reply. I really don't.
I think he'll be okay.. he's quite the boyfriend. ud83dude0a #amazing
that's just it Ben. you figured me out. life accomplished.
you're nothing more than a slave to your weakness.
I know I'm right? I wouldn't say it if I were wrong? That's just stupid...
Can't believe you said go die.. ud83dude1"
no I'm just on twitter A LOT. You thought
Yeah I would have been a 6 foot freshman... Actually I wish I was that tall now... ud83dude1e
Cheer up bud!
Anybody wanna have a movie night next weekend? ud83dude0a
Basically he's a big hairy American walrus machine. He wakes up in the morning and he pisses excellence. Obvi he won in a landslide
I feel like a giant ud83dudc0b just slapped me on the head with his giant flipper after my first college algebra thing.... ud83dude2b
Basketball game tonight! Everyone come out tonight! #stangnation #neon
It's easy to make new friends!
We all know you don't have to try to be awesome! u263aud83dude1c
Place nice with others guys!
Sweater Sunday time ud83dude0e
HA! And mason said I wouldn't find someone else! #youthought ud83dude0e
Did we forget our whistles at home? WTH!
Obviously mason didn't see my tweet where I told him not to retweet that?
ud83dude14 #ouch
Love the student section that gets into the games! It's a blast every time
You shut up
It will never end. TG. It's been going since 1963. The Doctor regenerates. Still in the middle of season 7 (of the new Who)
I know. I guess broken teeth is the price that comes with being poor southern white trash. Damn. Lol
Awesome.  #ThingsISayALot nnDid you read that in my voice?  I hate those little comments. Amusing it is not. Did you read that as Yoda?
Oh and Transformers. Bo had tons of Transformers. We were spoiled big time.
It's a rule. Can't be a British actor without one period drama under your belt or you would have had to be in Harry Potter.
Remember when it was Christmas break and I would get at least 10 #Fanfiction updates a day. I miss Christmas break. ud83dude1e
he's like scarface.
it's on right now and it's the extended version ud83dude02 even better.
I love Project X. ud83cudf8"
or not lol
send me those pictures please ud83dude1"
:(
I hate you haha
I don't know where my Transformers movies are... This is NOT good.
no one invited you to this conversation Mason! Lol
yes. Lol. He probably won't give her a date cause she did a backbend on her neck the first night.
I would really really really love a Bloody Mary right now... ud83cudf77ud83dudc1a
swear I just saw you and gabe on college Gameday!
Ray Lewis inspires me in everything I do. Love that guy
haha thank you!
Can't wait til this evening! Roll Ride baby! #7InARow #SEC
Why am I freezing?
You try to break me down by I just GO HARDER! #future
couldn't tell ya. I think we lost by 16 or 1"
or you can FaceTime me
or when he caught dad playing with tad poles in the water hole outside the dugout in little league?
George Washington was a moonshiner? #hellyeah
#IGotAThingFor food. We're best friend through
#GrindTime
kinda sad I'm missing my first actually day of softball ud83dude2"
Endings are the best! Pitch perfect wasn't too bad haha
It needs to get warm again! Need to get out and golf again u26f3u26f"
Hate you mason
Really PHS? Having school tomorrow with over a hundred students absent? Ya shows you care about us getting sick or not.
#TalkLikeYourBestfriend no you won't. nShut the F**k up.
I wonder how crazy girls will be when prom is a week away. #4moremonthsn#calmdown
It's to damn cold outside. #needsummer
Good lift today.
you don't have a frickin goat!
I've never even heard you talking about them?
did you name it after that wimpy fish?
or crawl back in the cave
If you'd just give me the time of day I know you wouldn't regret it
Don't know what I did to you
haha!! oh my god that's crazy ud83dude
what am I talking about. I got that. #blessed.
ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02 good times on that website
stop; if you don't wanna talk that's cool. don't egg on a conversation.
your friends and my friends?! no excuse me. I don't think so..my friends hate you.
my pleasure brings them to their knees.
I hope not!!! u263au263au263a
I fucking dare you.
how about we not rant about #flashbacks #ofthistime on twitter you guys. makes me wanna punch a wall lol ud83dude24ud83dudc4a
I'm on my retweet and favorite game tonight. damn I'm sorry! ud83dude2"
Please don't make me think there's something when there's nothing.
otay. figured you would.
love you
HOW THE FUCK YOU FEEL NOW
touchu00e9.
hey hey
you are something else
yeah we all just got connected into a huge fivesum. we just bonded here. #handytime
I promise promise.
Mhm I doubt you will ever get up for nine.
fucking with me being mean.
oh no too fucking late for that.
in the most sarcastic way ever
to get my keys out my car?
I miss you tons girl!!!!! how have you been!
I'm in Tampa watching the waves moving in.
got my tumblr on..
we can move to the tropics sip piu00f1a coladas. shawty I could take you there.
I'll try to be your everything.
take this sinking boat and point it home.
I miss my best friend...I miss the way it was. I fucked it up. #talktome
you belong here. not anywhere else.
thank god she left the whiskey.
the way things were..
#alcohol #ThatsThatShitIDoLike
you used to be my superman.
No you're a true friend! Actually the truest!
It's too hard to be funny all the time mason...
you keep setting yourself up! Haha
Didn't expect that...
If you ever compare Eli to Peyton #youreafuckingidiot
Even Richard Sherman was impressed
Swoll time #besttime
A protein shake a day keeps the frailness away
Lettermans gotta find a better musical guest than this group cuz their garbage
Pierce just sealed the deal with that fade away jumper #thetruth
haha clever bill
Great way to end the weekend
#nosleep
Last 830 of the week #letsgetthisshitoverwith
I've been at school for almost two hours &amp; still don't have a pencil.
absolutely impossible for me to not root for Quick.
me too. Just putting them up for decoration in my office.
it's gonna be brutal
I've binh waiting a long time.
C'mon Skins.
definitely. Were picked dead last this year.
he's trouble
This is Notre Dames toughest game of the year. Probably can't say the same for Alabama.
1 of my wifes best friends was a nurse that helped delivered babies (Actually delivered Max) Sometimes she had to clean it up
if you take the tailfeather off...it's not a bird anymore.
I'll be pissed if the Redskins change their name.
I believe Obama will be the reason I ultimately stop buying shoes. #TakinMoUhMuhMoney
I'm not getting anymore email updates from cork since their site changed. Help me
I'll definitely be loud.
good. I feel pretty safe with the style code.
I'll be honest. I don't understand n 's tweets right now.  Hope she's ok.
Go Ravens in the Super Bowl!!
Let's Go Big Blue
that your place? I need a treadmill man.
lol. That's a nikestore online only deal. Probably tough to get
I seriously don't see any other Jordan's I want for the rest of the year except the '88 3s and I have no shot of getting those. #Saved $$$
Life Life on Lifes Terms
you good? We lost directv don't know what's going on.
exactly.  Wow. Can't help to think about what if.....lol
the sea said goodbye to the shore so the sun wouldn't notice
if your up txt me im so bored #nightshift 30834090
i always have this feeling.........its the worse :(
miss you boo!!
i want some mcdonalds really bad #thestruggle
he's the best
Loop pedals open up a whole new world #somuchfun
haha I'm glad! Hope you indulged for me u263a
Setting my alarm.. What is this nonsense?! ud83dude2d
Heyy cutieeee (;
Going in with the right attitude will always get the right results. u2764ud83dude
I just want to move already .. These inspection people keep waking me up
oh :(
Coughing so bad its making me puke ud83dude12ud83dude13ud83dude16ud83dude
I hate racist people.
Who's brave enough to watch mama with me?
omggggggg I wish that would happen to me! I love him lol
Ou game
I didn't see you there!
what station?
Miss you!!!!!
#TweetAWeakness alcohal.
I like how we're snap chatting and not even watching this movie.
Wtf is this thing about Girls cutting and Justin Bieber I'm confused
wats that have to do with cutting.
Bye bye Mazda... ud83dude14ud83dude2d
Right now I wish I would have died in my crash last night. #fuckthis
Got a sign on my dick that say bad bitches Only.
I'm a cool cat but I'm on life "
Weezy f. Baby
what are you talking about
why are we not snap chat friends???
If my laptop keeps fucking up I'll meet get my online classes done.
Seeing you makes me sickud83dude12ud83dude14ud83dude1e
guess what.  is listening to wacka. You'd be proud.
#ugh
I'm watching it too! It's gross ud83dude1"
me too. ud83dude1"
So annoyed.
ahhh I just bought the possession I'll watch it after. ud83dude0athanks babe ud83dude1"
omg are you okay? Where's the deer at on the side of the road?! ud83dude2dud83dude2dud83dude2dud83dude2dud83dude2dud83dude2d
I need some  in my life. ud83dudc9b
tell? Lol
I could never be a lesbian. ud83dude1"
I have two of them if ya wanna borrow its sometime!
also check for the next meteor shower there bad ass to watch
oh gosh lol I just woke up haha.  I hate snow!!!
haha I won't lol.  Wish me luck at the doctor in scared ud83dude3"
it was embarrassing!
hahaha like shit! What time are u off work?
What an awesome Saturday might. #hahjk
no there just babies
I know right?
Your so fucking psycho mom. Ive never been more happy to delete you out of my life.  u270cbitch
I've never had chicken pox. ud83dude3"
them!
I'm so jealous that  is taking my best friend  to tennesee for spring break!!!! Have fun ya mofos ud83dude1"
I wish I could listen to music while I to my math. ud83dude1"
haha u263au263au263a
I want more snap chatters xemmy"
#IFeelNakedWithout my justice for Jaleayah bracelet
Bitch paaleaseeeeeeee.
I want one tooooo!!!
snap chat me!! Xemmy"
Does using an app like snap chat count as data for Internet? If so I'm fucked. ud83dude3"
u201c Time to let go of the wrong one so the right one can come. ud83dude0au201d
where at?
I hate bees too. Little bastards.
I love you too ud83dudc9bud83dude0aud83dude18ud83dude18ud83dude18ud83dude18ud83dude18 I'll see you this weekend.
It took me losing you to find myself.
Hoiberg at Iowa St. is gonna be a big time HC in 5 years. His teams get after it.
Auburn is the worst team in the history of teams.
That's not a foul! In this game!
We gotta get Wiltjer touches on offense like he's Jordan. Only real threat UK has on that end.
Saltines and water for me
#ATL
Okay fuck you too?
Walking tall with  and  ahhhhh Khleo babyyyyy ud83dude0dud83dude0dud83dude0d
Saw the biggest thousand legger on the wall this morning and I FREAKED  ud83dude2bud83dude2bud83dude2bud83dude2dud83dude2dud83dude2dud83dude2dud83dude37ud83dude37ud83dude3"
I wanna watch more SOA. #obsessed
unless its in kevs room idno!! ud83dude31ud83dude31ud83dude31ud83dude
nud83dude97      ud83dude97ud83dude97         ud83dude97n     ud83dude97             ud83dude97             ud83dude97 nnMy driving that Friday night.. Lmao
I would love nothing more than to meet  one day!! ud83dude0dud83dude0d
ud83dude0aud83dude0aud83dude0a
as of right now my ass is on the couch eating a Milky Way and skittles and watching sons of anarchy... I been a total FATASS ud83cudf6bud83cudf6cud83dudcfa
Sending a girl a text that says good morning beautiful can change her attitude for the whole day. u27
Babe I just want to be with you
#YoureMoreAttractiveIf you open up to me and let me in
#IReallyDislike how I care too much
#TweetATurnOn tattoos
idno philliesgirl013 I think
This hash i got will know you off yo FEET son #belieDAT
I really hope im not getting sick again
Too bad i have work every day this week...
Someone definitly just smokrd a butt in the bathroom #stankin
How much snow are we expecting here..
Got my first acceptance letter! #UNH
#scarredforlife
#scarredforlife
#scarredforlife
true dog. I think im gonna do it #yeeeeeeeep
true dog. I think im gonna do it #yeeeeeeeep
red=Taylor swift black=Kenny
first world probs #kittyprobs
It's just unreal...you'd be better off just walking out than going over to the sink for that magic splash of water.
I wouldn't piss on John Hall if he were on fire.
Searching for the blood of Christ storage room
what does a ten year old know though :p
Who wrote niggerz on my arm in all capital letters
I was just really hyped that's all Tom lmao
Seriously cannot decide where I want to go to college.
Shawshank redemption is my kind of movie
I still love you though
I don't wanna work that's my fuckin problem.
WHAT THR FUCK
loved the snap chat. Loved it
Honestly are you fucking kidding me right now? Worst morning ever
Time to watch this movie for this damn film project #roughlife
you're welcome
If any fun girls or guys wanna go to the strip club Friday let me know. Ill give ya the details stop teasing me
you're welcome to use mine
ATTENTION ALL : THE GLOVE WORLD EPISODE OF SPONGEBOB IS ON best episode!!! Watching it right now
I can't keep my eyes off you
Well... This homework isn't gonna do itself
This is why  is my best friend
Madeline I love you
Boys bball coach came in my line at pick n save. Haaaay
me too
actually I can lol new phone update
what the hell nate
but they're all on me like they wanna hold hands
what are you saying
The only thing I miss about being in a relationship is always having someone to chill with even if theres absolutely nothing to do
Hahahahahahahaha omg at what I just found out. SUCKS TO SUCK
You looove when I get up in it
Am I the only chick in America that isn't watching pretty little liars?
send me a piccy. Ps your mom hit my butt at work today. She's such a milf
#TalkLikeYourBestFriend GAWD you are so fuckin ugly.....
what channel???
But on the bright side I'm making a frozen pizza
Holy shit I'm pissed
Mr. Jones by Mike Jones just came on my spotify lmao yesss MIKE JONEESSSS
hahaha uh no but she's really cool her name is cydney
we could've studied together!. I have ap stats tomorrow
omg what did you all put for finance
everytime I decide to call Zoe waffle she gets this really pissed off look. It's hilarious.
The faces  makes. ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude
You really don't care about anyone but yourself.
There's a guy playing against marietta college who is 5'"
if you saw everyone else on the floor you would be laughing lol
I need help with my nipple ring
Someone save me from school.
I hate going to Washington state. Fuck this #ou #tennessee
I'm going there first then tennesee
I'm trying to make my turkey sandwich and everytime I try to get turkey out I the bag mango tries and grab it. ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02 #lovehim
damn boy!
haha I tweeted then they annoyed me in class and I told them straight up lmao
omg that sucks! So your not going to school?
thank god your still in! But I'd be pissed
I love how Zoe stares at the fan until I turn it on. Lmao
what channel?
that's cool! We should get lunch together sometime!
fucking sucks!
Every time I wear my glasses my eyelashes touch the lenses
Some of the things my sister tweets. ud83dude
bad makayla!!!!!
I got my cat and my dog beside me. Goodnight twitter. u270cud83dudc4b
Just don't tell 'em all the truth.
will be here in an hour and I'm sitting on the couch watching Jason Aldean videos not even ready. #Ishouldstop
I want to be in a country music video.
I love when my bestie  checks on me and tells me to be careful. Makes me feel loved. ud83dudc9bud83dude1"
Let's go pios!
I want a magic carpet.
Next weekend I'm getting trashed and someone will be my d.d. If not ima be pissed.
dad and I are coming tonight!
yeah same here lol
I like to play wit it squeeze it like a stress ball.
I'm gettin paper.
Cause now it's over and that's all she wrote.
Eminem is bad ass
ew put some clothes on
Sleeping in my SPONGEBOB pajamas
my fav one yet. Ps I really appreciate you texting me back. Really appreciate it. Really
God I love the soup
I think everyone secretly does! How have you been darling
no worries! But yesss I think that would work for me.
Lataaa Greendale hello Wisconsin Dells
nooo sir haha
And I knowwww that life is nothing easy
Ow just hit my face on a chair ow
Really wish I could have gone to watch the bucks tonight...
&amp; I don't give a fuck
Shoutout to my amazing friends for the great weekend that I had :) it was SO FUN #loveyou
Lmao gotta love deb
Really would enjoy some bdubs tomorrow night
starships
Let's go Blackhawks!!
sad to see a glorious career end so terribly.. Just embarrassing for anyone.. I feel awful for him.. But Gardner is decent
I'm so pumped for this game!
Had a great time last night
Man no more buffalo wild wings for me...
Great practice tonight...ready for tomorrow
Another school shooting? Absolutely crazy...so many this year. Eventually kids are gonna be scared to go to school
Having to go back to Princeton tomorrow &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; two times is enough.
Our warmup CD for both jv and varsity are just too hype
Pissed that my game got moved to tomorrow. Now i can't go to the Tech UVa game. damn
This Radford stadium aight though
it looks horrendous to me but I can't tell if its one of those so horrendous it's funny movies
I'll see you tomorrow?! :D
I hope I don't have to come out in this stuff today...I plan on getting my rest!!
Forgot my planner at the dance studio. Can't pick it up til Monday. I have like 6 things to do on Monday and no planner to put it in. #fml
That moment when you find out your raise has been delayed a month because YOU had to turn in paperwork. #oops #fml
Missing the sunshine #cold #rain u260"
lololololol jack and coke! #Classic what were you drinking miss Arbogast?
same dude! #WTF
Alcohol doesn't make your problems go away.  well screw it because either does Milk!
Schilling gets the snub? Where's the logic in that?
Doing laundry is so underrated. On a sucking scale
I have their shaving cream.  I like it. I do not have their hard soap.  I like their Pre-shave oil a lot.
The makeup in PLL is actually horrible
sucks to suck
You'd think that the people of the NFL would have this game in Seattle seeing that the Redskin's field blows!
Ive got such a head ache
Ha like idk whats up with my life #lol
Cant wait to go to media
#Wisewordsfromders Potatos will give you fat stacks
The word break is a joy at work
I wish I was cool enough that people would text me
To button the top button or not too
this guy ha
I strongly dis-like you if you hash tag on facebook #nottwitter  #twitteronly
cant match my last tweet
Bullshit
I guess
Babel Babel look at me now
4 months
41 days of no shaving
Girl you know ya want that dick
THEY SAY THE SAME THING!!
not even good
HERPIES OF THE EYE #WTFFFFFF
I had a dream I was doing breaking bad shit
This is not good I got no toilet paper left in a time of need
and  are makin me roll with theses snapchats
will forever be known as Krispy Kreme
I swear this same guy dies in every criminal show
drops it low in 5th period...haha
who me?... I would never do such a thing..
wwwwhat yimnneeeee.
I really want to do something tonighht.
I miss my neighbor  ud83dude23ud83dude1eud83dude25ud83dude22ud83dude1"
How #oomf gets better!
#winning
same here!!
Momentum is changing...
i can only imagion
I need you sleeeeeppp
Nothing ever goes riiighhhttt omg
Food
#thoughtsinhallway um yeah dont hold the door for me thats okay to bitch
bad fuckin bitches to be exsact
This is the music for loovvveee
Me and brandon are the corniest people ever lol ud83dude
the one with where the my eyes tho i lost it. Hahahahaha
Me and  prob just did the best work out in the world ud83dude1cu270aud83dudcaa
2 hour delay please ud83dude4f
I will forever be grateful
I'd burn a lot if calories!
Forgot how much I loved DD iced coffee. #itslikecrack
oh I do. I'm OBSESSED.
this makes me sound like and awful person....
I've come to terms with it
the pink powder puff
Jillian is my hero! #thebiggestloser #inspired
yes!!
im gettin a kick out of your twitpic . Hang with me soon girly i miss my two crazy betches
My mommy facetimed me all the way from florida(: #missher
Ruh roh ud83dude28 shes pissed #imsorry
so Phil made me change the channel just as that show came on last night
hahah just for you ud83dudc9c
Durham is like 5 mins away haha
Wish I had the motivation to do all this school work
if I do I'm done
When your dad unlocks your door and bust in while your on the toilet&lt;&lt;&lt; #gtfo
Hahah this dudes license plate says BBW
jk girl I go to church In the cathedral that's my place!
I mean...I'm down
A brotha can't even be productive with this kind of weather doe
Better luck next time state hahaha #ass
hahaha that was literally me last night
that sounds absolutely horrible
3 hours delay fuck me hell yes
hahah that's #everynight
hardest review of my fucking life
really
um no I love her the mostest ;D duh
We should move him to Okla. Tom Coburn retiring at end of this term.
It is so frustrating when the dialogue doesn't come thru with picture. Sorry!
That's cruel...but funny!
Why not just give the name of the country club?
Gold in NY going by plane.  How many pounds can go in one plane?
Maybe light beer.
No! No! No! Anything but Chocolate.  Vanilla - Yes.
tell me about it.  I was a frosh during that season #oldman
No one wants you there either. Leave.
Whore. #admitit
My nephew doesn't call his sister by her name. He spells it out. #Hahaha
I'll dm it to you.
I hate that i miss you.
My coworkers ;;;
No flag? No country!
We'll never know.
COULD HAVE CAME AND SAW ME ON YOUR LUNCH HOUR......
Lovely day :)
The sky right now looks very depressing.
If i see that one more time.. i will vomit.
they're both sexy bitches. #Truth
A girl on my sisters bball team wore socks to practice that said  I &lt;3 Haters!. #RGIIIstyle #respect
Merry NHL eve!
douche
Last night was the muddiest I have ever gotten
Is there a basketball game cancelled tonight?
atleast he has his pants on :)
I don't pretend I'm in to basketball just to impress a nigga. I don't watch it and I hate girls that pretend theyre into it. Like be honest
I love hearing that he asked about me at work.. #adorable
Last night..... Sooo much fun!
#SingleBecause I don't have a girlfriend
*are more stupid
did you delete your tweet? ud83dude
Sam Boso in the stands- parents lived in suncrest. ud83dude0f
I just ate like 6 packaging peanuts because my sister told me to. They weren't bad.
Josh always takes 6 hours to finish his tests. Always.
watch me
West Virginia is ranked 9th in the country in education. #notbad
Our student section for baseball is girlfriends and  and  waving American flags. That's fine. that's badass!
but MJ is obviously better than Bill Russell. Some people aren't so sure about LeBron and MJ
it's not funny ud83dude1"
I don't understand why girls edit their pictures so much on here where it doesn't even look like them. That's just a recipe for disaster.
I'm happy I got to see  tonight u263a
My life is complete after seeing that southern belles routine.
you can turn the volume down on Siri so it doesn't make any noise!
I have mad respect for Nathan Adrian and all of Morgantown's team.
I know! I will mouth every player south plays against except him. I yell encouraging things to him.
If you're a guy and you say you want a cute relationship you probably aren't going to get in a relationship.. With a girl. #mancardrevoked
I know. But we could possibly play Greenbrier East and Morgantown again. Most of the good teams are in the eastern panhandle
Baseball
Why would anyone ever eat at a Denny's on purpose?
hahaha the snow shoes didn't work!
The crowd tonight is amazing.
go to bed!
That was my exact intentions
Where's Ryan Cole?
Feel like I just made a 18"
pretty jealous
what are you up to?
quit movin around! Lol
oh and I hope your stomach feels better. Take some pepto!
You're a tard I know you are but what am I?
I meant 175 my bad
I need to find a banger to go to one of these nights. ud83dude0f im coming!
no
Walked like he was invincible
tell your phone to stop acting up before my phone keyboard slams it
I have Alltel and that's the phone I want. Im not having any problem with service
Shouldn't need to rob you but I still would
Crazy!
When I set a goal for myself. I will do anything till I achieve that goal! #Dedication #Ambition
Cuddling for the first time in a long time ; (:
you must have gold all in your watch...
Chopped wood for about 45 min with an axe then decided to go put the new blade on the chainsaw lol
The majority of this trip has been spent learning to ski with Calvin's mom and I'm not complaining one bit. #toofunny #loveher
AWWWWW COUSIN!!! It seriously would. How adorable is  though!?
Literally tried to tailgate someone out of the parking structure and slammed the fuck into the barrier as it came down
Happy New Year's everyone! ud83cudf89ud83cudf8aud83cudf89ud83cudf8"
Appreciate it! Especially after a game like tonight's haha. Hope you rocked the ND tee
This Manti stuff is like Russian-spy level shit. Still much love for
Read my last retweeted tweet. That was from Lennay's first (somewhat) official account. What the fuck is going on #trippy #mindblown
Muscle spasms are a little bit of fun
Next film critique in class: Raging Bull. Words can't describe my excitement about this.
A Night at the Roxbury
I remember this....
If you watch SNL I have more respect for you. #toofunny
Day got better as it went on I guess.
thanks megs(: love you!
thanks lauren. Love you and miss you tons(:
I love being happy.
can you still not leave yoo house?
When  brings me breakfast; #yourethebest #loveyou
with that nast cheese they made us try... Chokin it down.
are you getting switched into it right now!?
It's that time of night when everyone's asleep and I'm awake winding down from an insane day!!!! #lovinlifethesedays
yayyyyy  and I welcome you to the twitter world
I could tell by Russell Wilson's face that that was not the way he wanted to win the game.
This game is gonna get out of hand fast
So much for luck of the Irish......
I fucked up
Belichicks reaction to that TD was the best of all time. Oh we scored again
When Kevin Millar says don't let us win tonight in 4 days in October will forever give me chills #cantwaittiltheseason
Today I went shopping and talk is still cheap
and   took if to another level tonight ud83dude0d
For now on ill be looking out for myself and myself only considering that's all everyone else ever does u270c
Making bath fizzies cause I'm cool like that
If you want to hangout wifff me and  tonight let us know heheh
It finally happened..after countless times of dropping my phone..it cracked nooooooo
Can't believe I've watched the Heat this week more than any other team #SouthFloridaProblems
Wish the Kings were coming to Cbus #ColumbusKings #NBAtoColumbus
Talkin about playoffs!? #Mora
Lets Go   #BeatMichigan
Pats came to play #HOUvsNE
#Blessed for another day
Westland up a bucket with 2 mins left #scarberryproductions
Lets go  #B1G
would you be interested in being a celebrity judge at our church's chili cookoff?
Big church meeting at Wildewood! #doingwork
says a lot about him or the national media?
ahhhh where you get them at? We'll have to make a day of it. Beanery dinner and shopping!! :-)
haha good for you! That's what you get. We just need to go eat maaaaan.
haha yea that's right! No food left when we're done haha. Yeah serving ppeople half eating food. Fired for sure real quick lol
lol I'm pretty sure they thought we were retarded
#4wordsaftersex what was I thinking
Am I ever gonna get feeling back in my stomach? #c-section #annoying
Its so unbelievably hard to try and ignore the fact that you miss your best friend so much when every day your reminded of them somehow. :(
be a month old tomorrow and still in newborn lol
Laughing when I hear  laughing randomly watching Netflix #topbunk
I love everyone and tonight
Woke up on the right side of the wrong bed
I'm really enjoying this new man crush monday thing #eyecandy ud83dude0dud83dude0dud83dude0d
Just worked that boy Alan Branch in Madden.
I'm so glad the McRib is back! #ShitNoOneSays
4 Brothers is awesome! #Preach Seriously! I watched that last week.
Glad you're looking out for me. #Friendship
Campus is dead. #Weekend
Lunch with the parentals.
Wish I wasn't so indecisive.
You have to graduate to say that. #GoToClass
giving  a quote of the day. #Inspiring
#Petpeeves thirsty ass bitches
like that?
what the fuck does spoon stand for? Your tweets are making me die
your too cute! Aha
Home alone :(
your crazy! Lol he's a cutie though. He's like family
Good luck to all the  teams todayyy! You guys will do greaattt ud83dudc99u2764 #wcforlife #proudalumni
I definitely agree
I just want some mashed potatoes yoooo
I love USFSP
Cuddling with a dog #lonely
There is nobody in this world I hate more than you
Your negativity towards guys is so unattractive. They are not all the same.
Just realized I'm going to miss the regional soccer game. I am so upset.
where are you?
and this is why after almost 5 years we said nothing to anyone
hahahahaha this is great
the funny thing is that all of you fucks have nothing better to do than worry about me and what I do when you yourself need a reality check
now this doctor is going to talk my ear off #ThisSucks
why do I have to wait for this asshole there's literally no one else here you could hear a needle drop in this bitch fuck
my mix tape just completely changed in the last 3 days it's insane
how many tracks u got on the project homey?
Lame when I still hear Republicans blame the disappearance of Clinton budget surplus' on 9/11. Pffff!
that's a silly thing to say. You know as well as I do that we can spin stats and numbers to suit our own purpose.
If I have to love myself before I can give love to others I'm screwed. #Charity
I love him ud83dudc8bud83dudc95u27
OMG I miss you bennnnyyyy!!!
welcome!
when  helps me with my problems;;; #thankyousomuch he's seriously my bestfriend. #noquestionsasked
it does! I use it every night!
how come my bestfriend hasn't texted me yet....
y'all I really want a valentine. like not kidding.....u2764ud83dudc
subtweeting isn't nice Kayla.
u at home still
And the Vikings too ud83cudfc8ud83dude4f
what kind u lose bra ?
on the low I got like 3 pair of the iPod headphones if u don't find them soon let me know il hook u up bro. ud83dudc4d
I got them bands now ud83dudcb5ud83dudcb5ud83dudcb"
4 my squad I go hard
I got 2 numbers for u which one is it the 484 or like 594 ?
And it's crazy cuz I've seen the richest go poor and the poor get rich. So it's like fuck that stop complaining. Just don't settle!!!!!!!!!
it's okay for me to copycat you ud83dude3c
Nerlens!!
way to be role model Dez. U had a killer season low key ud83cudfc8ud83cudfc3ud83dudca"
Above the rim is on ud83cudfc0ud83dudc9cud83dude4fud83dudc40ud83cudf1b
Bout to watch these kids ball out I hope. ud83cudfc"
Like sometimes I jump and twitch my leg as I weak up at the same time lol it's crazy. But ya that's y I dig it. ud83cudfc0ud83dudc
And when I fuck ya main bitch I put on everything
very cool!! Glad you both got in!
I feel as if I need to learn how to dance with a microphone.
Gonna skip my classes and build a sweet igloo in the living room
I'm lovin  so far this year love the judges &amp; talent so far!     #Idol
I've been wanting to eat nonstop today.. #weirdaf
About to go smoke in the freezing cold.
I hope all this snow melts by tomorrow night if it doesn't Oh boyyyy I'm gonna be pissed.
Just now going to sleep. Holy shit.
Kiss me like there is no tomorrow.
I don't let my guard down for a reason.
I'm glad you haven't girl me up in 2 days... smh
U CAN NEVER HANG WHEN I TRY!!
the size of my bruise apparently hahah
read everything about brave new world!
Only 4 more!!! Lol!!!
Today is a great day for a nap. Which I will probably be investing in when I get home from school!!!
I want to be the reason you look down at your phone and smile....then walk into a pole.
state street
Thanks Ohio for the $3.02 a gallon gas
Yeah Ray Lewis also got away with murder. So maybe you shouldn't keep sucking his dick
dude you came inside a fat chick #smalltownpride
come to Alex's!!!!
I miss you
It's gonna be a good day  ud83dude01ud83dude09ud83dude18ud83dude0dud83dudc9cud83dudc99ud83dudc9a
u201c got a $2 tip on a $60 order &amp; they were needy as fuck .. some people are just so rude.u201d  #serverprobs
mines next ;)
Starbucks u27
jealous much Ryan? Haha
Last thing I wanted was more annoying fucking drama #goodnight
Sooo tired ud83dudca4ud83dudca"
That nap was not a good idea!!
I shouldn't still be awake right now #stupidlatenaps
Applebee's with  #nomnom ud83dude01ud83dude18ud83dude0du27
Babes back at work   #bittersweet ud83dude18ud83dude0dud83dude01ud83dudc4dud83dudc4d
sounds so good right now :(
Hiccups &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
And I'll be legal ud83cudf7aud83cudf7a
that would be the worst/best invention ever. I #lovedit remember we would take turns laying in the blanket while the other
make me some u2764ud83dudc97ud83dudc9a
Can't believe it's almost been a whole year  u2764ud83dudc99ud83dudc9aud83dudc9cud83dudc
I need to quit thinking about all this ud83dude1"
Whenever Alex lets me play
I love when Grease is on ud83dude0dud83dude0dud83cudfb"
Kinda sad this is the season finale of moonshiners though
now it's back to a blizzard #ohioproblems
I'm at work :(
I know it sucks! I'm tired as hell and I work till 5 :(
same hereud83dude2"
It needs to be 5 already! I just wanna go home and see himmu2764ud83dude1"
he basically said his team was gonna lose! #rolltide
I will own a yellow Camaro and it will be named Bumblebee! #transformers
Why did my twitter app kick me off?!
you're a whore and I love you so much for it
Seriously crying watching total black out. So flippin funny
Miss my car #c&amp;obetterhurry ud83dude
Playing Clue with my love at the house on a Saturday night #loveit
My Sunday is filled with laundry and cleaning.. Wahh
lol in the meantime we gotta hang out cause that's one of my new years resolutions
ok lol I'll text you when I wake up
Omg i feel like shit..
I never knew people actually had the same hair as pauly d..until now #wtf
your nudes are distracting me from my homework! ;p
this* who you callin butthole surfer?
I do not think ezra is attractive..
life is better with no pants.. #justsayin
Annoyed with everything right now
Superstar! ud83cudf1f #BestMovie
#StoryBehindMyScar surgery. ud83dude3"
mine is at 2 and yours is at like 7 so ill be there! Better watch out! ud83dudc4dud83dude
I'm going to take my diploma and be thee happiest person in the world.. Sadly I'll probably be crying my eyes out!
yes ma'am ud83dude0a but I know! Tomorrow also is our snapchat reuniting! ud83dude09ud83dudc4d
yes ma'am! Please save me from tomorrow... ud83dude2"
Someone like you
I got that same exact thing!
Every rose has its thorns.
Long day longer nights
That phone call  you are a beautiful singer! ud83dude02ud83dude
I have it! ud83dude0a
Only like a month away and   and I are getting matching piercings. Forever best friends! ud83dude0d
ud83dude1e if you need to talk I'm here for you!
Modern family! ud83dudc4dud83dude0f
I wasn't complaining! ud83dude18ud83dude0f
i have french homework due monday that's not showing up on blackboard...
Inconsiderate fucking prick.
I wanna see yours! :)
#ouch #dumby
A gyro sounds good right about now.
I rather get sick of seeing you everyday then not see you and miss you all the time
you already know what happened
You cant expect to have a girl with a lick of sense if you just got released from jail
what's the drink of choice?
That call I got from  and  ;; #funnyshit
we are just messing around! :)
Hahaha
Wow hahaha
home bored ud83dudd2b
never told me when
Thanks to  for getting me emojis
so I'll see you there?
is it weird that I have the same gun? Lol
it's a total mind fuck lol
That's how to tackle
Snow angels anyone?
I wish I was in CC today so I could drive around back roads with my windows down #CountryLiving
well I hope you make the right choice :)
I wish this girl knew I don't care about her family's medical history #atall
did she kill anyone when I left
3 cop cars outside PGA #ashorenightlife
Shaws till "
Getting sent home from work for being sick and losing my wristlet #worstday
He just said this one goes to
